
===== PAGE 1 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 3 
 
SUBCONTRACT AGREEMENT 
 
THIS SUBCONTRACT made this ____ day of MONTH, YEAR by and between CORE West, Inc. a Nevada Corporation, 
7150 
Cascade 
Valley 
Court, 
Las 
Vegas, 
Nevada 
89128, 
PHONE: 
(702) 
794-0550, 
ELECTRONIC 
MAIL: 
sethmaurer@coreconstruction.com, (Contractor’s License No. 0006144A), herein referred to as the "Contractor", and 
Subcontractor Name, Address, City, State, Zip.  PHONE: 000 000-0000, ELECTRONIC MAIL: ___________________________, 
(License No. _-__ ______), herein referred to as the "Subcontractor".     
 
Subcontractor shall be deemed to have accepted the terms of this Subcontract upon commencing performance of 
any portion of the Subcontract Work as defined herein or in the absence of any objections in writing delivered to Contractor 
within fifteen (15) days of Subcontractor’s receipt of this Subcontract.  
 
The parties agree as follows: 
 
SECTION ONE 
 CONTRACT DOCUMENTS 
 
 Subcontractor shall perform Subcontract Work as defined herein at Project Name located at Project Address, City, 
State, Zip, herein referred to as the "Project", for Owner’s Name, herein referred to as the "Owner", at Owner’s Address, City, 
State, Zip. The Subcontract Work shall be in accordance with the Owner-Contractor agreement, the general conditions, 
supplementary general conditions of the contract between Owner and Contractor (collectively the “Prime Contract”), all 
drawings and project manuals, any addenda issued prior to execution of this Subcontract, and alternates as prepared by 
[Architect’s Name], herein referred to as the "Architect", all of which general conditions, supplements to the general 
conditions of the contract between Owner and Contractor, supplements to the Owner and Contractor agreement, drawings 
and project manuals (hereinafter “Contract Documents”), form a part of the contract between Owner and Contractor dated 
Day Month, Year and hereby become a part of this Subcontract as though fully set forth in this Subcontract.  All documents 
referenced above are available for inspection and copying by Subcontractor at its expense upon written request.  Contractor 
reserves the right to make reasonable redactions to the Prime Contract. In the event of conflict between terms of the Contract 
Documents and this Subcontract, the terms of the Subcontract shall take precedence and govern the relationship between 
Contractor and Subcontractor. 
 
SECTION TWO 
SCOPE OF SUBCONTRACT WORK 
 
 
Subcontractor agrees to furnish all labor, materials, equipment, tools, scaffolding, hoisting, supervision, licenses and 
permits, clean-up, haul off of debris, and all other services necessary to timely and fully complete in a workmanlike manner 
all DESCRIPTION in accordance with this Subcontract; Exhibit A – Subcontract General Conditions, and in compliance with 
any applicable  items described on Addendum 1 - State Specific Provisions, and on Attachment “A” – Scope of Work; 
Attachment “B” – General Provisions; Attachment “C” – Enumeration of Documents; Attachment “D” – Schedule; Attachment 
“E” – Insurance Conditions; Attachment “G” – Affidavit of Compliance, and all work reasonably inferable therefrom as 
necessary to produce the results intended, collectively referred to as the “Subcontract Work.” 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 2 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
 
Page 2 of 3 
SECTION THREE 
PAYMENT 
 
 
Subcontract Price.  In accordance with this Section, Contractor agrees to pay Subcontractor for the performance of 
this Subcontract, the Subcontract Price of DOLLAR AMOUNT and No/100 Dollars ($00.00), subject to additions and 
deductions for changes in the work as agreed upon or determined, as herein provided.  After receipt of payment from 
Owner, Contractor will pay Subcontractor each month the amount which Subcontractor has earned less retainage in an 
amount equal to ten percent (10%) of the value or that retainage which is allowed by the Prime Contract or the applicable 
state law, whichever is less.  Payments shall be computed on the basis of the quantity, as approved by Owner or Owner’s 
representative, of the Subcontract Work performed herein, less the aggregate of previous payments. 
 
SECTION FOUR 
BONDS 
 
Performance and/or Payment Bond.  If required by Attachment A, Scope of Work, Subcontractor shall be required 
to provide a performance bond and payment bond in the amount of the Subcontract Price from a bonding company with 
an A.M. Best rating of A or better; acceptable to Contractor and holding a certificate of authority to transact surety business 
issued by the appropriate governmental agency where the Project is located, and any such bonds shall not be executed by 
an individual surety.  All such bonds shall remain in effect through and including the Warranty Period. The bonds are to be 
provided within seven (7) days before Subcontract Work begins and, in a form, acceptable to Contractor.  If bonds are not 
furnished within the time provided, Contractor shall have option to terminate the Subcontract.  Contractor reserves the right 
to demand a replacement bond or other security in the event: 1) the surety is deemed in rehabilitation or liquidation, or 2) 
if the A.M. Best rating of the surety drops by two or more degrees.  The replacement bond shall have an A.M. Best rating of 
A or better, or alternate security may be provided at Contractor’s discretion in the form of a letter of credit from a secured 
financial institution. 
 
SECTION FIVE 
NOTICE INFORMATION 
 
 
Notices.   Any notices or other communications required or permitted by this Subcontract shall be sufficiently given 
if in writing and (i) delivered personally and to individuals executing this Subcontract at the address above, (ii) sent by 
certified mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, (iii) sent by overnight express mail, addressed as shown above, or 
to such other address as the party concerned may substitute by written notice to the other; and/or (iv) sent by electronic 
mail to the email address provided above, on Attachment “A”, or as otherwise designated in writing.    All notices personally 
delivered or sent by electronic mail to a correct address shall be deemed received on the date of delivery.  All notices 
forwarded by mail shall be deemed received on a date seven (7) days (excluding Sundays and Holidays) immediately 
following date of deposit in the U.S. Mail.  Provided, however, the return receipt indicating the date upon which all notices 
were received shall be prima facie evidence that such notices were received on the date on the return receipt. 
 
WHEREFORE, the parties have entered into this Subcontract as of the day and year first written above. 
 
CONTRACTOR:  
 
 
 
 
 
SUBCONTRACTOR: 
 
CORE West, Inc.  
 
 
 
 
 
Subcontractor Name  
 
By: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
By:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Its:  
 
 
 
 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 3 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
 
Page 3 of 3 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
 
Date:   
 
 
 
 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 4 =====
 
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
 
Page 1 of 19 
EXHIBIT A 
SUBCONTRACT GENERAL CONDITIONS 
 
 
SECTION ONE 
PAYMENT 
 
1.1 
Timely Payments.  Provided that Subcontractor has satisfied all the requirements for payment set forth in this 
Subcontract, progress payments will be made to Subcontractor within seven (7) days after the Contractor receives payment 
for such work from Owner.  If Contractor receives payment from Owner for less than the full value of materials delivered to 
the site but not yet incorporated into the Subcontract Work, the amount due to Subcontractor on account of such materials 
delivered to the site shall be proportionately reduced.  No payment to Subcontractor shall operate as approval or acceptance 
of the Subcontract Work.  Upon complete and timely performance of the Subcontract Work, submission of all required 
documentation including written warranties, if required, lien releases and waivers in compliance with  applicable state law, 
and final approval and acceptance of the Subcontract Work by Contractor and Owner, Contractor will make final payment 
to Subcontractor of the balance due under this Subcontract within seven (7) days after full payment for such Subcontract 
Work has been received by Contractor from Owner or in accordance with the laws of the state in which the Project is located, 
whichever is longer. 
 
1.2 
Schedule of Values.  A Schedule of Values that allocates the Subcontract Price among the various items comprising 
the Subcontract Work shall be provided by Subcontractor for Contractor’s acceptance, and for Owner’s acceptance if 
required by the Prime Contract before Subcontractor’s first application for payment.  Upon acceptance, the Schedule of 
Values shall become a part of this Subcontract and shall not be changed without Contractor’s written approval. 
  
1.3 
Deductions.  Upon giving Subcontractor written notice, Contractor may deduct from any amount due or to become 
due to Subcontractor any sum or sums owed by Subcontractor to Contractor.  In the event of any breach by Subcontractor 
of any provision or obligation of this Subcontract, or in the event of the assertion by other parties of any claim or lien against 
Owner, Contractor and/or Contractor’s Surety, arising out of or related to Subcontractor's performance of this Subcontract, 
Contractor shall have the right to retain out of any progress, final or other payments otherwise due under this Subcontract  
or any other  agreement between the parties now or hereafter in force, an amount sufficient to completely protect Contractor 
from any and all loss, damages or expenses, until the situation has been satisfactorily remedied or adjusted by Subcontractor 
as reasonably determined by Contractor.  Contractor also reserves the right at its option, upon written notice, to make 
payment by checks payable jointly to Subcontractor and its employees, agents, subcontractors, materialmen, and suppliers, 
or any of them, when Contractor deems it advisable and, in any event when Subcontractor cannot provide unconditional 
lien waivers from any such persons or entities.  Upon giving Subcontractor seven (7) days’ written notice to provide 
acceptable lien and claim waivers, and upon failure to comply by Subcontractor, Contractor also reserves the right to make 
any payment directly to Subcontractor’s laborers, subcontractors, materialmen, suppliers, union or union trust funds (for 
fringe benefits and other payments due under collective bargaining agreements, if any),  or as enumerated in Addendum 
“1,” and to deduct the amount of such payment from amounts owed to Subcontractor under this or any other agreement.    
In all instances in which Contractor avails itself of one or more of the steps set forth in this section, Contractor shall provide 
notice to Subcontractor of the action taken and the reasons for doing so. 
 
1.4 
Applications for Payment.  Subcontractor shall submit applications for payment on a monthly basis and shall follow 
all procedures as directed by Contractor for preparation and submission of applications for payment, including but not 
limited to any electronic billing procedures.  Contractor shall not be obligated to release funds to Subcontractor until all 
requirements of any such procedures have been met, including but not limited to, evidence of Subcontractor’s compliance 
with the insurance provisions within “Attachment “E” – Insurance Conditions” of this Subcontract.  Subcontractor’s 
applications for payment shall be itemized and supported by the Schedule of Values and any other substantiating data as 
Draft


===== PAGE 5 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 2 of 19 
required by the Contract Documents and this Subcontract.  Subcontractor shall submit its applications for payment by the 
time established by the Contractor's Project Manager, but in no event later than seven (7) days before Contractor’s payment 
application is due to Owner.  In the event Subcontractor fails to prepare and present to Contractor the payment application 
in a timely manner or prepares and presents to Contractor an incomplete or improper application, Contractor shall not be 
required to make progress payments for said month and may defer such payment to the following month provided 
Subcontractor then provides a timely and appropriate payment application.   
 
1.5 
Payrolls.  If required by the Contract Documents, payrolls and affidavits covering all labor performed by 
Subcontractor for the Subcontract Work, and other required information concerning Subcontractor employees, will be 
submitted directly to Contractor.  If required, weekly payrolls and affidavits of Subcontractors shall be submitted in the 
format described in the Contract Documents within three (3) days after the normal weekly payday.  Payrolls must set out 
accurately and completely, the name, exact occupation, hourly wage rate, hourly overtime wage rate, hours worked each 
day, total regular and total premium time hours worked each week, gross pay, deductions (listed separately and clearly 
identified), and net amount paid to each employee, together with any other information required by the Contract 
Documents. 
 
1.6 
Payment for Stored Materials.  When permitted by the Contract Documents, payments may be requested for 
materials and equipment delivered and suitably stored at the site for subsequent incorporation in the Subcontract Work.  If 
approved in advance and in writing by Contractor, payment may similarly be requested for materials and equipment suitably 
stored off the site at an agreed upon location and shall include the costs of applicable insurance, storage, and transportation 
to the site.  Payment for materials and equipment stored on or off the site shall be subject to Section 1.12 of this Subcontract 
and shall be further conditioned upon compliance by Subcontractor with procedures satisfactory to Contractor and Owner 
to establish title to such materials and equipment or otherwise to protect Contractor’s and Owner’s respective interests.      
 
1.7 
Title to Work. Subcontractor warrants that title to all work, materials, and equipment covered by an application for 
payment will pass to Owner no later than the time of payment.  Subcontractor further warrants that upon submittal of an 
application for payment, all work for which certificates for payment have been previously issued and payments received 
from Contractor shall, to the best of Subcontractor’s knowledge, information, and belief, be free and clear of liens, claims, 
security interests or encumbrances. 
 
1.8 
Payroll Taxes. Subcontractor agrees that the failure to reflect tax withholdings from employees on required 
documentation shall be a material breach of this Subcontract and, as a further condition precedent to Contractor’s obligation 
to make any payment to Subcontractor, no payment shall be due and owing to Subcontractor until such time as proper 
documentation is received by Contractor.  In the event Subcontractor uses independent contractors (as defined by the 
Internal Revenue Service), a valid and enforceable independent contractor agreement shall also be required. 
 
1.9 
Lien Waivers.  In exchange for and as a further condition precedent to payment from Contractor, Subcontractor 
shall provide, in a form satisfactory to Contractor and as required by applicable law, lien releases and claim waivers in the 
amount of and through the date of the application for payment from Subcontractor and its sub-subcontractors, materialmen 
and suppliers. Subcontractor shall provide conditional lien waivers for the current month before payment is received 
followed by unconditional lien waivers in the next application for payment. Alternatively, if the Textura payment system 
applies to the Subcontract Work, unconditional lien waivers in compliance with the Textura payment system and applicable 
law shall be required with the application for payment. Subcontractor shall pay for all materials furnished and work and 
labor performed for Subcontractor under this Subcontract.  
 
1.10 
Withholding of Progress Payments.  Contractor may withhold monthly progress payments, in whole or in part, in 
order to protect Contractor and/or Owner from loss because of: (i) unsatisfactory prosecution of the Subcontract Work; (ii) 
failure of Subcontractor to make payments properly to its sub-subcontractors, materialmen or suppliers or to make 
payments for labor (including customary fringe benefits and payments due under collective bargaining agreements, 
payments due or obligated to be paid to any union, or payments due or obligated to be due to any trusts affiliated with any 
Draft


===== PAGE 6 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 3 of 19 
union), materials or equipment, transportation or shipping costs, taxes, fees or any other charges arising out of or related 
to the Subcontract Work; (iii) reasonable doubt that the Subcontract Work can be completed for the then remaining unpaid 
balance of the Subcontract Price; and/or (iv) any other conditions which arise in connection with the Subcontract Work 
which, in Contractor's reasonable opinion, will result in loss to Owner and/or Contractor.  Contractor shall provide notice to 
Subcontractor in accordance with applicable law should Contractor withhold all or a portion of a progress payment.  
 
1.11 
Retained Percentage.  None of the terms of payment provided in this Subcontract shall require Contractor to make 
payments in an amount that would leave an insufficient balance to cover the retained percentage as referenced in Section 
3 of this agreement.  
 
1.12 
Condition Precedent to Payment.  Notwithstanding anything in this Subcontract to the contrary, Subcontractor 
agrees that a condition precedent to payment by Contractor to Subcontractor of any payment required under this 
Subcontract is that Owner shall have first paid the payment applied for to Contractor for the amount  of the Subcontract 
Work, and that payment for either progress payments or for final payment and/or for release of any retention is not due 
and owing to Subcontractor as provided in this Subcontract until Owner has made such payment to Contractor.  
Subcontractor further recognizes and acknowledges that all payments to Subcontractor will be made solely out of funds 
actually received by Contractor from Owner for the Subcontract Work.  Subcontractor further acknowledges that it is sharing, 
to the extent of payments to be made to Subcontractor, in the risk that Owner may fail to make one or more payments to 
Contractor for all or a portion of the Subcontract Work.  In addition, if Contractor has provided a payment bond, no payment 
shall be due from Contractor’s surety, nor shall any claim under any such payment bond exist in favor of Subcontractor, 
unless and until the conditions set forth in this Section have been satisfied. 
 
1.13 
Final Payment.  Subject to Section 1.12, final payment, constituting the entire unpaid balance of the Subcontract 
Price, will be paid by Contractor to Subcontractor within seven (7) days or any longer period under applicable law from 
Contractor’s receipt of payment from Owner for the Subcontract Work and when all of the following have occurred:  (i) the 
Subcontract Work has been fully completed, including all Punch List items; (ii) the final approval of the Subcontract Work is 
provided by Owner and, as applicable, the Architect or Engineer ; (iii) Subcontractor has submitted a complete and proper 
final application for payment; (iv) Contractor has received unconditional lien releases and waivers in a form satisfactory to 
Contractor from Subcontractor and from each sub-subcontractor, material supplier, and person providing labor, materials, 
or equipment to the Project for or on behalf of Subcontractor; (v) the Subcontract Work has passed all applicable 
government and regulatory inspections; (vi) Subcontractor has provided Contractor with copies of all applicable written 
warranties, maintenance and operational information and as-built drawings pertaining to the Subcontract Work;  (vii) 
Subcontractor has fully complied with the Contract Documents; and (viii) Subcontractor has provided a written consent of 
its surety to final payment, if bonds have been provided by Subcontractor. 
 
1.14 
Independent Contractor.  Subcontractor is an independent contractor.  Subcontractor agrees to defend, indemnify, 
and hold harmless Contractor and to reimburse Contractor for any expense or liabilities incurred under applicable 
unemployment statutes in connection with employees of Subcontractor, including a sum equal to benefits paid to those 
who were Subcontractor's employees, where such benefit payments are charged to Contractor pursuant to any state 
unemployment compensation statute. 
 
SECTION TWO 
PROSECUTION OF WORK AND DELAYS 
 
2.1 
Generally.  Subcontractor shall begin the Subcontract Work in accordance with the Project Schedule promptly after 
receipt of written notice from Contractor to proceed.  Subcontractor shall furnish all labor, supervision, tools, equipment, 
materials and supplies necessary for the performance of the Subcontract Work in a proper and diligent manner whenever 
such work or any part of it, becomes available, or at such other time or times as Contractor may direct.  Subcontractor shall 
not subcontract any portion of the Subcontract Work without advance written notice to and receipt of written permission 
Draft


===== PAGE 7 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 4 of 19 
from Contractor. Subcontractor shall promote the general progress of the entire construction, and shall not, by delay or 
otherwise, interfere with or hinder the work of Contractor or of any other subcontractor.  Any materials that are to be 
furnished by Subcontractor shall be furnished in sufficient time to enable Subcontractor to perform and complete the 
Subcontract Work within the times provided for herein.  Subcontractor shall notify Contractor of any major deliveries 
associated with Subcontractor’s Scope of Work a minimum of seven (7) days in advance.  Subcontractor shall review and approve 
all value engineering and value-added changes with Contractor before communicating with Owner or Architect.  Subcontractor 
shall coordinate the Subcontract Work with that of all other subcontractors, suppliers, and contractors working on the Project 
and shall obtain any and all shop drawings, product data, or other documents necessary for such coordination.  
 
2.2 
Time is of the Essence.  It is hereby further understood and mutually agreed that the beginning, rate, progress, and 
the time for completion of the Subcontract Work are essential conditions of this Subcontract. It is further agreed that time 
is of the essence of the performance of the Subcontract Work.   
 
2.3 
Scheduling.  Subcontractor will at all times keep itself fully informed as to the Project schedule established by 
Contractor.  Subcontractor will faithfully prosecute the Subcontract Work, at such times and in such order as Contractor may 
consider necessary to keep the Subcontract Work sufficiently in advance of the other parts of the Project to avoid any delay 
in the completion of the Project as a whole.  Subcontractor acknowledges that Contractor will have the right to decide the 
time or order in which the various portions of the Subcontract Work will be performed.  Subcontractor will provide daily 
progress reports accurately recapping the progress of the Subcontract Work and shall notify Contractor of any issue that 
may impact the schedule, including, when necessary, a recovery schedule specific to the Subcontract Work. Subcontractor 
agrees and acknowledges that the Project schedule, as established by Contractor, may be reasonably changed by Contractor.  
Upon request by Contractor, Subcontractor will furnish to Contractor, in writing, a schedule covering the Subcontract Work.  
Such schedule will show in detail the procurement, submittals, shop drawings, fabrication, delivery dates and installation 
activities of all major components of the Subcontract Work. Subcontractor agrees to update such schedule and to meet with 
Contractor monthly, or more frequently as reasonably required by Contractor.  
2.4 
Delays.  If Subcontractor neglects, fails, or refuses to complete the Subcontract Work within the time specified in 
the Project schedule, Subcontractor acknowledges that Contractor will be damaged and the damages that may be incurred 
by Contractor will be reimbursed by Subcontractor.  Therefore, Subcontractor agrees that Subcontractor shall be liable to 
Contractor for, and that Contractor may withhold or deduct from, any payments due or that may become due or that 
otherwise would be due to Subcontractor under this or any other agreement, the amount of any and all liquidated damages 
that may be assessed against Contractor by Owner which are, in whole or in part, attributable to or caused by Subcontractor's 
failure to furnish the materials and/or perform the Subcontract Work within the time fixed or in the manner provided for 
herein, as determined by Contractor in its discretion, reasonably exercised, as well as any actual damages sustained by 
Contractor as a result of  any Subcontractor delay in completion of the Subcontract Work.  Contractor’s actual damages 
shall be subject to any provision in the Prime Contract that waives consequential damages or otherwise limits Contractor’s 
damages.   
2.5 
Subcontractor Obligations.  Subcontractor agrees that all Subcontract Work as set forth in the Contract Documents 
will be performed strictly in accordance with the Subcontract Documents and in accordance with the highest standards of 
construction quality consistent with the nature of the Project.  Subcontractor shall cooperate fully with Contractor and other 
subcontractors performing work on the Project.  Subcontractor shall perform the Subcontract Work in accordance with and 
subject to each of the provisions of the Prime Contract to the full extent that each such provision is applicable to the 
Subcontract Work, including, but not limited to, requirements imposed by Owner’s lender (when applicable).   
 
Subcontractor has included all licenses, permits, fees and inspections required for its Scope of Work unless explicitly stated 
otherwise.  Subcontractor shall coordinate all required inspections associated with Subcontractor’s Scope of Work. A 24-
hour notice must be provided to Contractor prior to scheduling any inspections.  Contractor may require a preconstruction 
quality assurance meeting with Subcontractor prior to Subcontractor commencing Work on the Project.  Subcontractor shall 
Draft


===== PAGE 8 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 5 of 19 
work with Contractor to coordinate any preconstruction reviews, mock-ups, in-situ mock-ups, and inspections necessary to 
establish and verify adherence with Owner and designer quality standards and expectations.   
 
2.6 
Inspection.  Subcontractor shall notify Contractor of any and all items shown in the Contract Documents related to the 
Subcontract Work that do not meet general code requirements or are not in accordance with applicable laws, ordinances, or 
similar regulations.  Subcontractor shall review Project site conditions to ensure they are acceptable for the performance of 
the Subcontract Work. If any part of the Subcontract Work depends on proper execution by or the results of the work of 
Contractor, any other subcontractor or any other separate contractor on the Project, Subcontractor shall inspect and 
promptly report to Contractor any apparent discrepancies or defects in such work that renders it unsuitable for the 
Subcontract Work.  Failure of Subcontractor to so inspect and report shall constitute an acceptance by Subcontractor of the 
work of the Contractor, other subcontractor(s) or other separate contractor as fit and proper to receive the Subcontract 
Work.   
 
2.7 
Contractor Responsible Representative.  Contractor shall designate one or more persons in writing who shall be the 
Contractor’s responsible representative(s).  Such responsible representative(s) shall be the only person(s) Subcontractor shall 
communicate with regarding, and who has the authority to provide, instructions, orders and/or direction.   
 
2.8 
Subcontractor Responsible Representative.  Subcontractor shall designate a responsible representative in writing 
who shall be present on the Project site at all times when the Subcontract Work is being performed.  The Subcontractor 
representative shall be in charge of scheduling, quality control, and safe execution of the Subcontract Work and shall attend 
all required meetings held at the Project site.  The Subcontractor representative shall be authorized to receive and proceed 
with instructions from Contractor’s on-site representative, and to sign any extra work orders or back charges that occur 
during the Subcontract Work.  Subcontractor may also designate in writing another representative to sign any extra work 
orders or back charges. Once assigned to the Project, no Subcontractor representative shall be replaced without the written 
permission of Contractor.  To be acceptable to Contractor, any replacement Subcontractor representative must have an 
understanding of and ensure all quality control measures and procedures will be met, including, if required additional mock-
ups.   
 
2.9 
Correction of Work.  Any Subcontract Work that does not conform to the Contract Documents, industry standards, 
laws and applicable building codes, or any finish work that is flawed shall be corrected in a timely manner by whatever 
means necessary, whether observed before or during any warranty period.  Further, Subcontractor shall correct at its own 
expense any nonconforming Subcontract Work for which it is responsible including, without limitation, damage to the work 
of any other subcontractor caused by Subcontractor.  If Subcontractor refuses to comply after three (3) Working Days’ notice, 
Subcontractor shall be responsible for all costs incurred to correct the Subcontract Work and Contractor may also exercise 
any additional remedies available under Section 6 of this Subcontract. 
 
2.10 
Time Extensions.  If performance of the Subcontract Work is delayed or interfered with for any reason beyond 
Subcontractor’s control, and without Subcontractor’s fault or responsibility, including acts of God, fire, terrorism, war,  
earthquakes, epidemics, or pandemics, Subcontractor may request an extension of time, as hereinafter provided, but shall not 
be entitled to any increase in the Subcontract Price or to damages or additional compensation as a consequence of such delays 
or interference, except to the extent that the Prime Contract entitles Contractor to compensation for such delays and then only 
to the extent of any amount that Contractor may, on behalf of Subcontractor, recover from Owner or other responsible party for 
such delays.  
 
As to any delays or interferences caused by or resulting from Owner, Subcontractor shall similarly not be entitled to 
any increase in the Subcontract Price or to damages or additional compensation as a consequence of such delays or 
interference, except to the extent that the Prime Contract entitles Contractor to compensation for such delays and then only 
to the extent of any amount that Contractor may, on behalf of Subcontractor, recover from Owner or other responsible party 
for such delays.   
 
Draft


===== PAGE 9 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 6 of 19 
Subcontractor acknowledges and agrees that an extension of time will be permitted for a delay only to the extent 
that such delay (i) is not caused, or could not have been reasonably anticipated by Subcontractor, (ii) could not be limited 
or avoided by Subcontractor providing notice to Contractor sufficiently in advance to permit Contractor to provide timely 
notice to Owner of the delay, and (iii) adversely affects the critical path construction sequence.  Notwithstanding the 
foregoing, a time extension shall only be granted for a delay that is in excess of one (1) day. In addition, no allowance for 
an extension of time, for any cause whatever, shall be claimed by Subcontractor, unless Subcontractor shall have made a 
written request to Contractor for such extension within three (3) days after the cause of such extension occurred, or if the 
Prime Contract provides for a shorter period, within sufficient time to permit Contractor to give notice to Owner within the 
time allowed by the Prime Contract for such notice. 
 
2.11 
Submittals/Shop Drawings/Approvals.  All submittals and shop drawings of Subcontractor shall be submitted for 
approval of Architect or Engineer through Contractor and all other communications between Subcontractor and Architect, 
Engineer, or Owner with respect to Subcontract Work shall be transmitted through Contractor.  All submittals and shop 
drawings shall be delivered to Contractor within twenty-five (25) days after the date of this Subcontract unless (i) the Project 
schedule indicates an earlier delivery or (ii) the Contract Documents or General Provisions require an earlier delivery, and if 
so required, Subcontractor shall deliver submittals and shop drawings in a time appropriate to sustain the progress of the 
schedule and meet the requirements of the Contract Documents. Subcontractor shall coordinate its submittals with that of 
any other subcontractors and material suppliers whose work is related to, or which impacts or is impacted by the Subcontract 
Work.  Subcontractor is responsible for the coordination, accuracy, and completeness of each of its submittals. Each shop 
drawing and/or product data sheet shall be stamped by Subcontractor to indicate its review and approval.  Any deviation from 
the Contract Documents shall be clearly identified and appropriate material substitution request forms completed. 
 
2.12 
Layout.  Subcontractor shall furnish all layout in connection with the Subcontract Work, unless specifically provided 
for otherwise, and shall conform with the initial lines and grades established in the Prime Contract. 
 
2.13 
As Built Drawings.  Subcontractor shall maintain documents accurately portraying the “As Built” Subcontract Work 
on a weekly basis.  Subcontractor shall transmit, on a monthly basis, either in hard copy or electronic format, as required by 
Contractor, such “As Built” documents, to include, but not limited to, drawings.  Compliance with the requirement to provide 
timely, complete, and accurate “As Built” documents is a condition precedent to the obligation of Contractor to make any 
payment otherwise due to Subcontractor under this Subcontract. 
 
2.14 
Clean-Up.  On a daily basis, Subcontractor shall cleanup all refuse and rubbish caused by Subcontractor.  On 
completion of any unit of the Subcontract Work, and upon final completion of the Subcontract Work, Subcontractor, in 
addition to cleaning up all refuse and rubbish caused by Subcontractor, shall remove promptly all temporary protections, 
excess materials, tools and structures, and the like, which may have been brought on the premises or erected by 
Subcontractor.  In addition, Subcontractor shall remove marks, stains, fingerprints, soil, paint, mortar from ceramic tile, 
marble and all other finish surfaces and shall leave all surfaces, fixtures, cabinetwork, and equipment in an undamaged and 
new condition.  In the event of the failure of Subcontractor to do any of the above, Contractor may, after giving twenty-four 
(24) hours written notice, clean up the premises at the cost and expense of Subcontractor, including an additional fifteen 
percent (15%) of such costs for Contractor's overhead and profit. 
 
2.15 
Failure to Prosecute Subcontract Work.  If Subcontractor at any time refuses or neglects to supply a sufficient 
number of properly skilled workers, or materials or equipment of the proper quality and quantity, or fails in any respect to 
prosecute the Subcontract Work with promptness and diligence, or causes by any action or omission the stoppage or 
interference with the work of Contractor or other subcontractors, or fails in any respect to comply with any of the other 
requirements of this Subcontract,  Contractor may, at its option, invoke its rights and remedies as set forth in Section Six of 
this Subcontract.  Notwithstanding, Subcontractor shall be responsible for all extra costs resulting from the failure to provide 
needed labor or materials to meet the Project schedule. If, in Contractor’s sole discretion, any person employed by 
Subcontractor is deemed to be unqualified to perform the Subcontract Work or has failed to adhere to the Project safety 
Draft


===== PAGE 10 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 7 of 19 
rules, such person shall be removed upon written request from Contractor and shall not be permitted to return without the 
written consent of Contractor.     
 
2.16 
Overtime Work.  Contractor may, if it deems necessary, direct Subcontractor to work overtime.  If so instructed, 
Subcontractor shall work overtime as directed and, provided that Subcontractor is not in default of any of the provisions of 
this Subcontract, Contractor shall pay Subcontractor the actual additional premium wages paid by Subcontractor plus taxes 
imposed by law on such additional wages.  However, if Subcontractor is, in Contractor's reasonable opinion, not proceeding 
in accordance with the Project schedule, Subcontractor shall at its own expense, work such overtime as Contractor may 
deem necessary to comply with the Project schedule and to complete the Subcontract Work in a timely manner.   
 
2.17 
Punch List.  Failure of Subcontractor to correct or complete "Punch List" items within ten (10) days after receipt of a 
list of such items, thereby causing delay in release of retention of others, will be subject to interest at the rate of 10% per 
annum of the retainage  being held under the Prime Contract and shall be deemed a breach of this Subcontract entitling 
Contractor to exercise any remedies available under Section 6 of this Subcontract.  Such interest shall be deducted from 
Subcontractor and distributed on a pro-rata basis to the other affected subcontractors.  In addition, should it be necessary 
for the Architect or other authorized Owner’s Representative to make more than two (2) inspection trips to determine if the 
Work is substantially complete because of Subcontractor’s failure to timely and promptly correct or complete Punch List 
items, any charges for such additional trips assessed against Contractor shall be, in turn, assessed against and paid for by 
Subcontractor. 
 
2.18 
Warranty.  Subcontractor agrees to promptly make good without cost to Owner or Contractor any and all defects 
due to faulty workmanship and/or materials which may appear within the guarantee or warranty period so established in 
the Contract Documents, and if no such period be stipulated in the Contract Documents, then such guarantee shall be in 
accordance with Addendum “1” and shall be effective upon completion and acceptance of the Project by Owner.  
Subcontractor further agrees to execute any special guarantees as provided by the terms of the Contract Documents, prior 
to final payment.  Subcontract Work that does not conform to the requirements of the Contract Documents, including 
substitutions not properly approved and authorized, shall be considered defective.  Subcontractor shall also assemble and 
submit to the Contractor complete copies in loose-leaf binders and/or electronic copies of all operating and maintenance 
data for all equipment installed as part of the Subcontract Work, all as may be required by the Contract Documents.   
 
2.19 
Other Contracts.  The Subcontract Work constitutes only a part of the work being performed for Owner by 
Contractor and other subcontractors.  Subcontractor, therefore, agrees to perform the Subcontract Work in such a manner 
that it will not injure, damage or delay any other work performed by Contractor or any other subcontractor, and shall be 
responsible to Contractor for any damages or delay that may be caused to such other work by Subcontractor or by its sub-
subcontractors, agents or employees. 
 
2.20 
Use of Equipment.  If Contactor allows Subcontractor to use any of Contractor’s tools or equipment, Subcontractor 
shall do so at its sole risk. Furthermore, as part of the use of any of Contractor’s tools or equipment, Subcontractor agrees 
to defend, indemnify and hold Contractor harmless on the same terms and conditions as required by Section 5.3 of this 
Subcontract, for, from and against any claims (including any claims arising from any Contractor personnel who are used to 
operate the tools and/or equipment), loss, damage and/or expenses, including but not limited to attorney’s fees and court 
costs, resulting from, arising out or in connection with the use of such tools and equipment by Subcontractor.  
 
2.21 
Design Professional Compensation.  Subcontractor shall be responsible, and shall reimburse Contractor, for any 
costs charged to Contractor to compensate a design professional for Subcontractor’s actions which result in multiple 
inspections, multiple submittal reviews, or for responses to requests for information or interpretation which are not prepared 
in accordance with the Contract Documents or where such information is available from a careful study and comparison of 
the Contract Documents, field conditions, or other Project information, coordination drawings, or prior Project 
correspondence or documentation. 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 11 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 8 of 19 
SECTION THREE 
CHANGES AND CLAIMS 
 
3.1 
Prime Contract.  Contractor is not an insurer or guarantor of the Subcontract Work, of the performance by Owner 
of the Prime Contract, or of the accuracy of the Contract Documents furnished by Owner.   
 
3.2 
Changes in Subcontract Work.  Subcontractor recognizes that Owner has certain rights to make changes to the 
Project, including the Subcontract Work, as provided in the Prime Contract.  Subcontractor will be notified of any change 
order requests (CORs) by Owner with respect to the Subcontract Work.  Subcontractor agrees to respond to all CORs, 
including all necessary cost breakdowns, to Contractor within seven (7) days of receipt.  Time is of the essence for responses 
to any CORs and Subcontractor shall be liable for any and all additional costs and/or damages incurred resulting from the 
failure to provide timely and/or complete responses to any CORs.  Subcontractor shall be entitled to reasonable overhead 
and profit on any change order issued by Owner with respect to the Subcontract Work up to the amount allowed by the 
Contract Documents combined for Subcontractor and all of its lower tier parties.  If no amount for overhead and profit on 
change orders is addressed by the Contract Documents, such amount shall be fifteen percent (15%). Subcontractor shall 
communicate solely with Contractor and not directly with Owner regarding any change order. 
 
3.3 
Contractor Changes.  Contractor may, without nullifying this Subcontract, order in writing any changes which are 
within the general scope of the Subcontract Work.  With respect to any changes, including extra work, ordered by Contractor 
for its own convenience and not related to a changed condition or extra work under the Prime Contract, Subcontractor shall 
make no claim therefore unless the same shall have been fully agreed upon in writing by Contractor prior to the performance 
of such extra work.  Such agreement shall set forth the changed work to be done, the compensation to be paid, and any 
extension of time to be granted.  To be binding, any such change order must be signed by an authorized representative of 
Contractor. 
 
3.4 
Adjustment in Subcontract Price.  If any Owner change or a Contractor change requires an adjustment in the 
Subcontract Price, the adjustment shall be established by one of the following methods: 
(1) mutual agreement on a lump sum with sufficient information to support the amount; 
(2) unit prices already established in the Subcontract, or if not so established, unit prices set by mutual agreement 
for the adjustment; 
(3) mutually determined costs plus a jointly acceptable mark up for overhead and profit in accordance with Section 
3.2; or 
(4) as otherwise required by the Contract Documents. 
 
3.5 
Claims.  A claim is a demand or assertion made in writing by Contractor or Subcontractor seeking an adjustment in 
the Subcontract Price or the Project schedule, an adjustment or interpretation of the terms of this Subcontract, or other 
relief arising under or relating to this Subcontract, including any disputes between Contractor and Subcontractor. 
 
3.6 
Claims Relating to Owner.  Subcontractor must make all claims for changes, delays, extra work, changed conditions, 
loss of productivity, and any other claimed impacts with respect to Subcontract Work for which Owner is or may be liable in 
the same manner and within the same limits provided in the Prime Contract for like claims by Contractor and in sufficient 
time for Contractor to make such claims against Owner or any such claims shall be deemed waived.  Contractor agrees to 
evaluate such claims and, if in good faith believes any such claims are valid, may submit claims to Owner on Subcontractor’s 
behalf or, at Contractor’s election, Contractor may permit Subcontractor to process a claim against Owner in the name of 
the Contractor for the use and benefit of the Subcontractor.  In either event, Subcontractor agrees to be bound by the 
recovery Contractor or Subcontractor receives from Owner on any such claims, and Subcontractor shall not seek any 
additional recovery from Contractor.  Further, Subcontractor agrees to indemnify and hold Contractor harmless for, from 
Draft


===== PAGE 12 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 9 of 19 
and against, any attorneys’ fees, court costs and litigation expenses that may be asserted by, awarded to, or retained from 
amounts owed Contractor by Owner as a result of the assertion of a claim by Subcontractor.  Contractor agrees to pay to 
Subcontractor all such sums related to claims recovered on Subcontractor’s behalf, less all costs, including attorneys' fees, 
expert fees, and litigation expenses, incurred by Contractor in any claim proceeding which is in whole or in part for the 
benefit of Subcontractor. Responsibility to substantiate any claim by Subcontractor for which Owner may be liable rests 
solely with Subcontractor.  
 
3.7 
Claims Relating to Contractor.  Subcontractor shall give Contractor written notice of all claims within seven (7) days 
of the date when Subcontractor knew or should have known of the facts giving rise to the event for which the claim is made; 
otherwise, such claims will be deemed to be untimely and shall no longer be enforceable.  Responsibility to substantiate any 
claim by Subcontractor against Contractor rests solely with Subcontractor.  Pending final resolution of any such claim, 
Subcontractor shall proceed diligently with performance of the Subcontract Work. 
 
SECTION FOUR 
INSURANCE 
 
4.1 
Prior to starting Work on the project site, Subcontractor shall provide, subject to the approval of Contractor, 
certificates and endorsements evidencing the insurance required within the “Attachment “E” – Insurance Conditions” of this 
Subcontract.  Any acceptance of Certificates of Insurance or endorsements by Contractor, or failure of Subcontractor to 
provide Certificates of Insurance or endorsements, shall in no way limit or relieve Subcontractor of its duties and 
responsibilities under this Subcontract.  All Insurance policies shall remain in full force and effect throughout the Project 
duration and any warranty or guarantee period.  
 
SECTION FIVE 
INDEMNIFICATION 
 
5.1 
Intellectual Property Rights.  Unless the particular design process or product is specified or required by the Contract 
Documents, Subcontractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Contractor and Owner, their officers, directors, 
shareholders, subsidiaries, divisions, affiliates, employees, consultants and agents, for, from and against any and all alleged 
and asserted claims, damages, demands, losses, suits, liabilities, or expenses, including attorneys’ fees and professional, 
expert or consultant fees, and court costs, for any alleged or actual infringement or violation of any patent, trademark or 
other intellectual property rights, arising out of, relating to, or resulting from Subcontractor’s performance of the 
Subcontract Work to the extent such alleged or actual infringement or violation of intellectual property rights was caused 
in whole or in part by the acts or omissions of Subcontractor, its officers, directors, employees, consultants or agents, or 
anyone directly or indirectly employed by Subcontractor, or anyone for whose acts Subcontractor may be liable.  
Subcontractor shall pay all royalties and license fees which may be due on any processes, products, or materials which 
Subcontractor incorporates into the Subcontract Work. 
 
5.2 
Payment Claims.  Provided Contractor is in compliance with its obligations to make payment under this Subcontract, 
Subcontractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Contractor and Owner for, from and against any and all claims, 
suits, liabilities, damages, liens, or bond claims seeking payment for labor and materials that may be asserted (other than by 
Subcontractor) arising out of, in connection with, or related to the Subcontract Work. 
 
5.3 
Indemnification.  To the fullest extent permitted by law and unless otherwise modified in Addendum  “1,” 
Subcontractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Contractor, and any surety providing bonds, Owner, and Architect, 
including their related parent companies, affiliates, subsidiaries, successors, shareholders, officers, directors, partners, 
employees and agents of each (collectively “Indemnitees”) for, from and against any and all alleged and asserted claims, 
liabilities, damages, losses, actions, suits, fines, penalties, costs and expenses, including but not limited to reasonable 
Draft


===== PAGE 13 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 10 of 19 
attorneys’ fees and professional, expert or consultant fees (including such expenses incurred in any attempt to enforce this 
indemnification provision), which are alleged to or may arise out of, in connection with, resulting from or related to in any 
manner, directly or indirectly, the  performance of the Subcontract Work including, without limitation, defects in 
workmanship or materials, claims for bodily injury, death, damage to property, or loss of use of property and regardless of 
whether asserted as a breach of contract, breach of warranty, tort or any other theory of recovery and regardless of whether 
caused or alleged to be caused in part by the negligence or fault of an Indemnitee.   
 
5.4 
Duty to Defend.  The duty to defend under this Section 5 is wholly independent of and separate from the duty to 
indemnify and such duty to defend exists regardless of any ultimate liability of Subcontractor. The duty to defend arises at 
the first assertion of a claim and shall be based on any allegations that may arise out of or relate to the Subcontract Work 
regardless of the validity of any such claim or its ultimate resolution. 
 
5.5 
Survival.  In any and all claims against any of the Indemnitees by any employee of the Subcontractor or one of its 
subcontractors, or anyone directly or indirectly employed by any of them, or anyone for whose acts any of them may be 
liable, the indemnification obligation under Section 5.3 will not be limited in any way by any limitation in the amount or type 
of damages, compensation or benefits payable under any worker’s compensation acts, disability benefit acts or other 
employee benefit acts.  This indemnity applies during the entire period of this Subcontract and shall survive the expiration 
or termination of this Subcontract. 
 
SECTION SIX 
DEFAULT, TERMINATION AND REMEDIES 
 
6.1 
Default.  In the event that  Subcontractor refuses or fails to perform the Subcontract Work in a manner consistent 
with this Subcontract, fails to supply enough properly skilled workers, proper materials, or maintain the Project schedule; or 
fails to make prompt payment to its workers, subcontractors or suppliers, or unions (for amounts due under collective 
bargaining agreements or trust funds ); or disregards laws, ordinances, rules, regulations or orders of any public authority 
having jurisdiction; or otherwise fails to perform in accordance with the provisions of this Subcontract,  Contractor may give 
Subcontractor notice that is has three (3) Working Days within which to cure any such failure. In the event that Subcontractor 
fails to cure after written notice from Contractor, Contractor may, at its option, give Subcontractor written notice that  it is 
in default of this Subcontract. 
 
6.1.1 If Contractor declares Subcontractor in default, then Contractor, without limitation, shall have the right to any 
or all of the following remedies: 
(a) to enjoin or restrain such default and to demand and to have specific performance; 
(b) to receive and recover damages resulting from such default; 
(c) to withhold or to offset any progress, final or other payments under this Subcontract or any other 
agreement between the parties now or hereafter in effect;  
(d) without being deemed to have waived or cured any such Subcontractor default, to perform any act and 
make any payment for which Subcontractor is in default, in which event all expenses, costs, losses, 
damages, and fees (including, without limitation, attorneys' fees) suffered or incurred in so doing, plus 
fifteen percent (15%) of such costs and expenses for overhead and administrative costs, shall 
immediately constitute indebtedness due and owing from Subcontractor. In exercising this right, 
Contractor shall be entitled to enter the Project site, take possession, and use any materials, tools, and 
equipment for such purpose; and/or  
(e) to terminate this Subcontract in accordance with Section 6.2. 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 14 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 11 of 19 
6.1.2 In the event any such default cannot be reasonably cured within three (3) Working Days, Subcontractor shall 
provide an appropriate plan in writing to Contractor setting forth the intended process to cure any such default and 
Subcontractor shall proceed with all due speed to implement and complete the plan to cure any such default.  Any 
such plan must include, at a minimum, specific information as to the steps Subcontractor intends to take and the 
time within which the default will be cured and must be approved in writing by Contractor. 
 
6.1.3 In the event of an emergency affecting the safety of persons or property, Contractor may correct any such 
failure to perform without first giving prior written notice to Subcontractor but shall thereafter give prompt written 
notice of such action to Subcontractor. 
 
6.2 
Termination.  If Subcontractor fails to satisfactorily correct such default within the time provided after written 
notification issued under Section 6.1, then Contractor may, instead of or in addition to the remedies set forth in Section 6.1, 
issue a second written notification to Subcontractor informing Subcontractor that its performance under this Subcontract is 
terminated.  
 
6.2.1 In the event of termination, and upon Contractor’s written request, Subcontractor shall immediately remove 
from the Project site all of its employees, equipment, tools, supplies and materials without any disruption of the 
work in progress and at its own cost and expense.  Should Subcontractor fail to do so, Contractor shall be entitled, 
but shall be under no obligation, to remove and store any equipment, tools, supplies and materials at 
Subcontractor’s cost and expense. 
 
6.2.2 Further, in the event of termination, Contractor shall be entitled to enter the Project site for the purpose of 
completing the Subcontract Work and shall be permitted to take possession of all materials, tools and equipment 
to finish the Subcontract Work either by itself or through other contractors. 
 
6.2.3 In the event of termination, Subcontractor shall be deemed to assign to Contractor every agreement that 
Subcontractor has with sub-subcontractors, materialmen, suppliers, labor companies, and/or consultants that 
Contractor notifies Subcontractor in writing that it accepts for assignment.  
 
6.2.4 In the case of termination, Subcontractor shall not be entitled to receive any further payment until the 
Subcontract Work is completely finished, at which time, if the unpaid balance of the amount to be paid under this 
Subcontract exceeds the expense incurred by Contractor, including an overhead fee of fifteen (15%) percent of the 
cost incurred in completing the Subcontract Work, such excess shall be paid by Contractor to Subcontractor.  
However, if such expense exceeds any such unpaid balance, Subcontractor shall immediately pay the difference to 
Contractor. 
 
6.3 
Insolvency or Bankruptcy.  In the event Subcontractor voluntarily or involuntarily becomes subject to bankruptcy 
proceedings, makes an assignment for the benefit of creditors, becomes insolvent, or has a trustee, receiver or liquidator 
appointed for any part or all of its assets, this Subcontract shall terminate.  Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the 
Subcontractor, or Subcontractor’s trustee in bankruptcy, if any, gives notice of its intent to assume this Subcontract and 
provides adequate assurance of its ability to perform hereunder, this Subcontract shall not be terminated but shall still be 
subject to the provisions of Sections 6.1 and 6.2.   
 
 
Contractor, while awaiting the decision of Subcontractor or its trustee to reject or to assume this Subcontract and 
to provide adequate assurance of its ability to perform, may avail itself of such remedies under Section 6 as are reasonably 
necessary to comply with Contractor’s obligations under the Prime Contract. 
 
6.4 
Termination for Convenience.  Contractor has the right to terminate this Subcontract without cause and at 
Contractor's convenience upon five (5) days’ notice. Upon termination of this Subcontract for Contractor’s convenience, 
Subcontractor will immediately cease performance of all Subcontract Work and remove all of its tools, equipment and 
Draft


===== PAGE 15 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 12 of 19 
personnel from the Project site and Subcontractor will have no claim of any kind whatsoever against Contractor for breach 
of this Subcontract and Contractor will be liable only for the cost of the Subcontract Work actually completed in accordance 
with the Contract Documents , including reasonable overhead and profit on completed Subcontract Work by Subcontractor 
prior to termination, less all sums previously paid to Subcontractor and less all deductions made or permitted to be made 
by Contractor pursuant to this Subcontract.  In the event any termination by Contractor under Sections 6.1, 6.2, or 6.3 of this 
Subcontract is found to be improper or wrongful, then any such termination shall be deemed a termination for convenience 
under this Section 6.4 and Subcontractor’s recovery shall be limited to the amounts due under this Section. 
6.5 
Suspension of the Work by Owner.  Should Owner suspend, delay, or interrupt the performance of the Prime 
Contract, or any part of which affects the Subcontract Work, then Contractor shall so notify Subcontractor in writing and 
Subcontractor shall immediately suspend, delay, or interrupt that portion of the Subcontract Work as ordered by Contractor.  
Any claim by Subcontractor for any damages caused by said suspension of the Subcontract Work shall be subject to Section 
3 of this Subcontract. 
 
6.6 
Termination by Owner.  Should Owner terminate the Prime Contract, or any part of which includes the Subcontract 
Work, Contractor shall notify Subcontractor and Subcontractor shall immediately stop the Subcontract Work and follow 
Contractor’s instructions concerning termination procedures.  In the event that Owner terminates the Prime Contract for the 
convenience of Owner, then Subcontractor’s claim for any damages resulting from termination shall be subject to Section 3 
of this Subcontract. 
 
6.7 
Contingent Assignment of Subcontract.  If required by the Prime Contract, Contractor may assign this Subcontract 
to Owner.  The assignment shall be effective when Owner has terminated the Prime Contract and has accepted the 
assignment by notifying Subcontractor in writing.  Subcontractor hereby consents to such assignment and agrees to be 
bound to Owner, as assignee, by the terms of this Subcontract. 
  
6.8 
Suspension by Contractor for Convenience.  Contractor may order Subcontractor to suspend, delay or interrupt all 
or part of the Subcontract Work for such period of time as may be determined to be appropriate for the convenience of 
Contractor.  In such case, any claim by Subcontractor is subject to Section 3 of this Subcontract.  
 
6.9 
Termination by Subcontractor.  If Subcontractor has not received payments that it was entitled to receive under this 
Subcontract, or if the Subcontract Work has been abandoned or suspended for an unreasonable period of time due to no 
fault or neglect of Subcontractor, Subcontractor shall give Contractor written notice with fifteen (15) days to cure.  
Subcontractor, upon failure of Contractor to cure, may terminate this Subcontract upon giving Contractor an additional 
fifteen (15) days prior written notice.  Upon such termination, Subcontractor will be entitled to recover from Contractor 
payment for all Work satisfactorily performed but not yet paid for, including reasonable overhead and profit, subject to the 
conditions of Owner payment set forth in Section 1.12 of this Subcontract.  In no event shall Subcontractor be entitled to 
payment for work not performed or overhead and profit on work not performed. 
 
SECTION SEVEN 
RESOLUTION OF DISPUTES 
 
7.1 
Subject to the limiting provisions set forth below and as may be enumerated in Addendum “1”, all claims, disputes 
and other matters in question between Contractor and Subcontractor that are not subject to Section 3.6 of this Subcontract, 
arising out of, or relating to this Subcontract or the breach thereof shall be decided according to the procedures set forth 
in this Section 7.   
 
7.2 
Continuance of Services and Payment.  Unless otherwise agreed in writing, Subcontractor shall continue to perform 
its Subcontract Work during any dispute resolution proceeding. If Subcontractor continues to perform, Contractor shall 
continue to make payments in accordance with this Subcontract for amounts not in dispute. 
Draft


===== PAGE 16 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 13 of 19 
7.3 
Direct Discussions.  If the parties cannot reach resolution on a matter relating to or arising out of this Subcontract, 
the parties shall endeavor to reach resolution through good faith direct discussions between representatives who shall 
possess the necessary authority to resolve such matter and who shall record the date of first discussions. If the parties' 
representatives are not able to resolve such matter within five (5) business days of the date of first discussion, the parties' 
representatives shall immediately inform senior executives of the parties in writing that resolution was not achieved. Upon 
receipt of such notice, the senior executives of the parties shall meet within five (5) business days to endeavor to reach 
resolution.  
 
7.4 
Mediation.  If direct discussions pursuant to Section 7.3 do not result in resolution of the matter, as a condition 
precedent to binding dispute resolution under Section 7.5 or Section 7.6 below, the parties shall endeavor to resolve the 
matter by mediation conducted by a mutually agreed upon mediator, and failing such agreement, the mediator shall be 
selected and the mediation conducted according to the Construction Industry Mediation Rules of the American Arbitration 
Association. The mediation shall be convened within seventy-five (75) calendar days of the matter first being discussed. A 
party may terminate the mediation at any time after the first session, and the decision to terminate shall be delivered in 
writing to the other party and to the mediator. The costs of the mediation shall be shared equally by the parties.  
 
7.5 
Arbitration.  All claims, disputes, and other matters in question between Contractor and Subcontractor involving 
claims which in good faith are in an amount of controversy up to and including $1,000,000.00 arising out of or relating to 
this Subcontract or the breach thereof shall be decided by arbitration which shall be held in accordance with the Construction 
Industry Arbitration Rules of the American Arbitration Association.  The arbitrator shall be an attorney with at least ten (10) 
years’ experience in construction law.  The award rendered by the arbitrator shall be final, and judgment may be entered 
upon it in accordance with applicable law in any court having jurisdiction.  
 
7.5.1 
Notice of the demand for arbitration shall be filed in writing with the American Arbitration Association.  The 
demand for arbitration shall be made within a reasonable time after the claim, dispute or other matter in question 
has arisen, and in no event shall it be made after the date when institution of legal or equitable proceedings based 
on such claim, dispute or other matter in question would be barred by the applicable statute of limitations or statute 
of repose. 
 
7.5.2 
Unless otherwise agreed in writing, if a demand for arbitration is filed before completion of the Subcontract 
Work, Subcontractor shall carry on the Subcontract Work and shall maintain its progress during any arbitration 
proceedings. 
 
7.6 
Litigation.  If a dispute involves claims that in good faith involve an amount of controversy of $1,000,001.00 or more 
and remains unresolved after submission of the matter to mediation as set forth above, the dispute shall be subject to 
litigation. 
 
7.7 
Waiver of Jury Trial.  To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, Contractor and Subcontractor waive their 
right to a trial by jury with regard to all claims that may be asserted in litigation, with all such claims to be decided by a 
judge.   
 
7.8 
Joinder.  In the event any litigation, arbitration or other form of alternative dispute resolution as may be provided 
for in the Prime Contract between Owner and Contractor concerns any part or all of the Subcontract Work, Contractor shall 
have the right at its election to have Subcontractor join in such proceedings as a party and to be bound by the result.  To 
the extent that the dispute between Contractor and Owner involves matters relating to any Subcontract Work, and regardless 
of whether or not Subcontractor is joined in the proceedings, it shall be the responsibility of Subcontractor to present all 
witnesses, documents, and other information sufficient to set forth Subcontractor’s position. 
 
7.9 
Attorneys’ Fees.  In the event of any litigation or arbitration arising out of or relating to the Subcontract Work, the 
prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its reasonable attorneys’ fees and expenses (including those of expert witnesses) 
Draft


===== PAGE 17 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 14 of 19 
as determined by the judge or arbitrator, as applicable. The prevailing party determination shall be made by taking in to 
account the demands of the parties and the relative success on the merits considering the totality of the circumstances of 
the entire dispute. 
 
7.10 
Location.   Unless otherwise specified in Addendum “1” or otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the dispute 
resolution procedures set forth in this Section 7 shall take place at or near the location of the Project. 
 
SECTION EIGHT 
COMPLIANCE WITH LAW 
 
8.1 
Records.  As it relates to the Subcontract Work, Subcontractor shall keep and have available all necessary records 
and shall make all payments, reports, collections and deductions, and otherwise do any and all things so as to fully comply 
with all federal, state and local laws, ordinances and regulations in regard to: (i) the production, purchase and sale, furnishing 
and delivering, pricing and use or consumption of materials, supplies and equipment; (ii) the hiring, retention and conditions 
of employees and their hours of work and rates of and the payment of their wages; (iii) the keeping of records, making of 
reports, and the payment, collection and/or deduction of federal, state and local taxes and contributions; and (iv) the 
compliance with all federal and state laws and regulations pertaining to eligibility to work in the United States or possessions.  
Subcontractor shall, to the extent required by applicable law, verify through the E-Verify Program, the employment eligibility of 
each employee hired after December 31, 2007.   
 
8.2 
Expenses.  Subcontractor also shall:  (i) comply with all federal and state laws, codes, and regulations and all 
municipal ordinances and regulations in effect where the Subcontract Work is to be performed; (ii) pay all costs and expenses 
in connection with such compliance; (iii) pay all fees and taxes (including sales transaction and use taxes, if applicable) and 
also pay all taxes imposed by any state or federal law for any employment insurance, pensions, old age retirement funds or 
any similar purpose; and (iv) furnish all necessary reports, and information to the appropriate federal, state, county and 
municipal agencies, with respect to all of the foregoing. 
 
SECTION NINE 
SAFETY 
 
9.1 
Hazard Communications.  Subcontractor, at its own expense, shall provide Contractor any and all site specific 
literature and information for submissions of hazard materials and hazard communications as required by the Occupational 
Safety and Health Standards as set forth in Chapter 29 of the Code of Federal Regulations, Part 1910, including, but not 
limited to, all those that deal with written hazard communications programs, and other forms of warning, Safety Data Sheets 
and employee information and training.   
 
9.1.1 Subcontractor will have sole and exclusive responsibility for training its employees in the proper handling of 
hazardous materials or participation in hazardous operations and the precautionary measures required.  
Subcontractor will supply all protective clothing and devices necessary to protect its employees from hazardous 
materials while on the Project site. 
 
9.1.2 If Subcontractor encounters material(s) reasonably believed to be hazardous that have not been rendered 
harmless, Subcontractor will immediately stop all work in the area affected and report, in writing, the condition to 
Contractor.  If the material(s) are hazardous and have not been deemed harmless, the Subcontract Work in the 
affected area will not be resumed until written agreement to resume is received from the Contractor.  Subcontractor 
will not store, dump, release or emit any oil, hazardous waste, or other hazardous materials on, at, under or in the 
vicinity of the Project site. 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 18 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 15 of 19 
9.2 
Safety Program.  Subcontractor, at its own expense, shall take all reasonable precautions to protect persons and 
property at or adjacent to the Project site from damage, loss or injury resulting from Subcontractor, its employees, or other 
agents in their performance of the Subcontract Work.  If any accident occurs, or any person is injured, or property is damaged 
at or near the site resulting from the performance of the Subcontract Work, Subcontractor shall notify Contractor 
immediately and confirm such incident in writing within 24 hours. 
 
9.2.1 Subcontractor shall maintain its own safety program which shall conform to the safety policies of Owner and 
Contractor, and which meets all applicable federal, state, and local safety related laws and regulations.  In the event 
Subcontractor does not have its own safety policy, it agrees to abide by Contractor’s Safety and Health program 
and will adapt Contractor’s program to the Subcontractor’s Work.  A copy of the Contractor’s Safety and Health 
program is available upon written request.  If Subcontractor uses Contractor’s Safety and Health program, it shall 
be at Subcontractor’s sole risk and subject to the Indemnification provisions of this Subcontract.   
 
9.3 
Safety of Subcontractor Employees.  Subcontractor acknowledges and agrees that it, and not Contractor, shall at all 
times be responsible for the direction, supervision and monitoring of its employees, agents and laborers with regard to 
safety practices in the performance of the Subcontract Work and in the correction of unsafe conditions.  Subcontractor 
further acknowledges and agrees that Contractor does not possess or retain any actual or constructive control over the 
manner in which Subcontractor and its employees, agents and/or laborers perform the Subcontract Work.  Subcontractor 
agrees Contractor does not owe a duty to ensure Subcontractor, its employees or other agents perform their work in a safe 
manner.  Subcontractor’s duty to supervise and monitor safety practices in the performance of the work and in correcting 
unsafe conditions shall include, but not be limited to, the following: (i) compliance with all items in the “CORE Construction 
General Safety Rules” document; (ii) the cleaning of the Project site; the use and wearing of hard hats, protective eyewear, 
and other required protective equipment; (iii) the use of proper fall protection; (iv) the proper use, location, maintenance 
and repair of scaffolds, ladders, railings, barricades, and covers; and; (v) the proper use, maintenance, and repair of all power 
tools. 
 
9.4 
Safety Procedures.  Subcontractor shall comply with the following: 
 
9.4.1 Before beginning any Subcontract Work, Subcontractor shall provide Contractor with a written Site-Specific 
Safety Plan in a form acceptable to Contractor and shall attend a pre-construction safety meeting at which time 
Subcontractor will outline how it will address hazards related to the Subcontractor Work. 
 
9.4.2 Subcontractor shall perform a written daily or weekly   Activity Hazard Analysis (AHA) for each definable feature 
of work.  Subcontractor shall communicate the completed AHA with its employees and submit a copy of the AHA 
to Contractor as required.  The AHA shall include the task involved, the hazards associated with the task, and the 
method(s) that will be used to mitigate the identified hazards.  Subcontractor shall communicate its AHA to and 
coordinate with other trades which may be affected by any of the Subcontractor Work. 
 
9.4.3 Subcontractor shall provide a safety and protection orientation for each of its employees on the employee’s 
first day on the Project site. 
 
9.4.4 Hard hats, safety glasses and high visibility vests, jackets or shirts, work boots, and long pants shall be worn at 
all times.  Tank tops and cut off shirts are not permitted. 
 
9.4.5 Hearing protection, appropriate respirators, and face shields or goggles shall be worn as required by the 
appropriate standards. 
 
9.4.6 Any employee exposed to a fall of 6-foot or greater must utilize fall protection or fall arrest systems.  Fall arrest 
systems must include a body harness, appropriate lanyard and available attachment points capable of sustaining 
loads outlined by OSHA and/or other applicable governing authorities. 
Draft


===== PAGE 19 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 16 of 19 
9.4.7 Subcontractor shall provide work task lighting necessary for the Subcontract Work.  
 
9.4.8 Subcontractor shall contact the applicable locator services before performing any underground work on-site.  
Subcontractor shall provide the location of all underground facilities as part of its as-built drawings required by 
Section 2.13.  
 
9.4.9 Subcontractor shall provide all necessary dust control associated with the Subcontractor Work. 
 
9.4.10 Subcontractor shall perform housekeeping and shall maintain a clean site in accordance with Contractor’s 
and/or state and local requirements. 
 
9.4.11 Radios and headphones are prohibited other than for jobsite communication.  
 
9.4.12 Cell phone use for personal (non-business) reasons is prohibited while working. 
 
9.4.13 Smoking is prohibited except in designated areas. 
 
9.4.14 If Subcontractor employs non-English speaking personnel at the Project site, Subcontractor shall provide 
supervisory personnel fluent in both English and the non-English language spoken by such employees. 
 
9.4.15 Possession or use of any substance that can cause impairment (alcohol, non-prescribed medications, illegal 
drugs, or prescription/non-prescription drugs which warn user of impairment) is strictly prohibited.  Anyone in 
violation of this policy, as well as anyone who reports to the Project site under the influence, will be dismissed from 
the site. 
 
9.4.16 No dogs, cats or any other animals are permitted at the Project site. 
 
All tiers of subcontractors are subject to the standards contained within this Section 9 including the following disciplinary 
policy. 
 
9.5 
Disciplinary Actions.  Subcontractor agrees to enforce compliance with the following disciplinary actions as a result 
of a written warning of a safety violation: 
First Offense:  
Employee receives a verbal or written warning. 
Second Offense: 
Employee receives a written warning.  Subcontractor home office is notified.  Employee 
must receive training prior to resuming any Subcontract Work.  
Third Offense: 
Employee may be temporarily or permanently removed from the Project site.  
 
These are minimum disciplinary standards.  If the non-compliant activity involves an immediate danger to life and health in 
the reasonable discretion of Contractor, immediate removal from the Project site may result.   
 
9.6 
Anti-Harassment.  Contractor has a zero-tolerance policy for all behavior that is prohibited under Contractor’s 
EEO/AA, Sexual Harassment, and Workplace Violence policies.  These policies apply to Contractor’s employees as well as to 
subcontractors working at any of Contractor’s sites or properties.  Contractor will require Subcontractor to remove any of 
Subcontractor’s employees who violate these polices.  By issuing and enforcing these policies, it is the intent of Contractor 
to ensure that while working on Contractor’s sites or properties, employees, customers, vendors, and subcontractors never 
feel threatened, intimidated, or harassed by any individual’s actions, presence, conduct or communication. 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 20 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 17 of 19 
9.7 
No Weapons.  Contractor Strictly Prohibits employees and subcontractors from possessing a prohibited weapon 
(as defined below) on jobsites, Contractor’s offices, or other offices (e.g., Owner or Architect) when performing any work on 
a Project for Contractor; regardless of whether the person is licensed to carry the weapon.  This policy does not restrict the 
rights of an employee or subcontractor who lawfully possesses a firearm or ammunition from transporting or storing the 
firearm or ammunition the employee is authorized to possess in a locked, privately owned motor vehicle in a parking area 
provided for them.  Possession and storage of any such firearm or ammunition must be in accordance with state and federal 
law.  This policy does not restrict the ability of police officers, security guards or other persons who have been given consent 
by Contractor to lawfully carry a weapon on the premises. 
 
In addition to firearms and ammunition as described above, other weapons prohibited by this policy include any form of 
weapon or explosive restricted under local, state or federal regulation, or knives more than three inches in length.  Legal, 
chemical dispensing devices, such as pepper spray, which are sold for personal protection, are excluded from this prohibition.  
Contractor property covered by this policy includes, without limitation, all Contractor-owned or leased buildings and 
surrounding areas, such as sidewalks, walkways, driveways and parking lots under the Contractor’s ownership or control. 
Contractor jobsites covered by the policy include jobsites controlled by developers, owners, general contractors, or 
Contractor itself. 
 
Violations of this policy will result in disciplinary action. Contractor enforces this policy consistent with applicable state and 
federal law.  
 
9.8 
Certification.  Subcontractor certifies it has read the CORE Construction General Safety Rules and that all employees 
and sub-subcontractors will abide by these safety rules and regulations as well as all OSHA regulations as they apply to the 
Subcontractor Work. 
 
9.9 
Indemnification for OSHA or Safety Violations.  Subcontractor shall defend, indemnify and hold harmless Contractor 
for, from and against all liability, loss, damage, cost, claims, awards, judgments, fines, expenses, or liabilities for harm to 
person or property, expenses incurred pursuant to or attendant to any hearing or meeting (including reasonable attorney’s 
fees and expert expenses), and any other applicable costs which may be incurred by Contractor resulting from or relating to 
Subcontractor’s failure to fulfill its obligations under this Section Nine.  Subcontractor’s obligations under this Section 
specifically include, but are not limited to, Subcontractor’s indemnification of Contractor for any penalties issued against 
Contractor as a result of any violation by Subcontractor, its employees, sub-subcontractors, agents or laborers, of any 
regulations and requirements relating to or in connection with Subcontractor’s performance of the Subcontract Work. 
 
9.10 
Public Protection.  Subcontractor shall provide, erect, and maintain proper warning signals, signs, lights, barricades 
and fences on and along the line of the Subcontract Work and shall take all other necessary precautions for the protection 
of the Subcontract Work and for the safety of the public.  
 
9.11 
Project Protection. Subcontractor shall maintain, remove, or replace any elements of construction or temporary 
barriers or protection damaged or removed by Subcontractor’s personnel at Subcontractor’s expense.  Similarly, 
Subcontractor shall provide protection of adjacent surfaces while performing the Subcontractor Work.  If an adjacent surface 
or finished work is damaged during performance of the Subcontractor Work, as determined by Contractor, a 24-hour notice 
to repair will be given to Subcontractor.  If Subcontractor does not take timely action, Contractor reserves the right to make 
repairs at the cost and expense of Subcontractor, including an additional fifteen percent (15%) of such costs for Contractor's 
overhead and profit. 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 21 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 18 of 19 
SECTION TEN 
MISCELLANEOUS 
 
10.1 
Possession Prior to Completion.  Whenever it may be useful or necessary for Contractor to do so, Contractor shall 
be permitted to occupy or use any portion of the Subcontract Work which has been either partially or fully completed by 
Subcontractor before final inspection and acceptance by Owner, but such use and/or occupation shall not relieve 
Subcontractor of its warranty of the Subcontract Work and materials, nor of its obligation to make good at its own expense 
any defect in materials and/or workmanship, provided no damage has occurred due to Contractor's occupancy or use. 
 
10.2 
Architect-Engineer.  The words "Architect" or "Engineer" as used herein refer to the person appointed by Owner in 
accordance with the Prime Contract. 
 
10.3 
Assignment.  Subcontractor shall not assign or sublet the Subcontract Work either in whole or in part without the 
prior written consent of Contractor which may be withheld in Contractor’s sole discretion.   
 
10.4 
Equal Opportunity.  During the performance of the Subcontract Work, Subcontractor shall not discriminate against 
any of its employees because of race, color, creed, religion, national origin, or other protected class. 
 
10.5 
Working Hours and Holidays.  The working hours on the Project shall be set by the Contractor's Representative and 
Subcontractor shall observe these hours unless directed otherwise by the Contractor’s Representative.  Contractor will 
observe the following holidays and Subcontractor shall observe the same holidays on the Project unless directed otherwise 
by Contractor:  New Year’s Day, Memorial Day, Independence Day, Labor Day, Thanksgiving Day, Day after Thanksgiving, 
and Christmas Day. 
 
10.6 
Days.  As used in this Subcontract, the term “Working Days” shall mean those days on which the Project is available 
for Subcontract Work to be performed.  Unless otherwise defined in this Subcontract, the terms “day” or “days” shall mean 
calendar days.   
 
10.7 
Attachments.  All attachments, endorsements and exhibits affixed to this Subcontract shall be part of this 
Subcontract. 
 
10.8 
Amendments and Modifications.  Any amendments or modifications to this Subcontract or any of the exhibits hereto 
must be in writing and signed by the parties in order to be enforceable.  This Subcontract and any of the exhibits hereto 
may not be modified verbally.  
 
10.9 
Severable Provisions.  In the event that any term or provision of this Subcontract shall be deemed unenforceable, it 
shall be treated as having been rewritten in as similar terms as possible so as to be enforceable to the fullest extent of the 
law.   Alternatively, any such provision shall be deemed severable, and its invalidity or unenforceability shall not affect any 
other term or provision of this Subcontract.   
  
10.10 
Binding Effect.  This Subcontract shall bind the heirs, executors, successors and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 
10.11 
Governing Law.  This Subcontract shall be governed and construed by the laws at the location of the Project unless 
otherwise modified in accordance with Addendum “1”. 
 
10.12 
Text Messages.  Any text message or other form of electronic communication sent from one cell phone to another, and 
excluding electronic mail communications, shall not constitute a form of written communication or a form of Notice permitted 
under this Subcontract.  
 
Draft


===== PAGE 22 =====
Subcontractor Name 
__-__-______ 
 
Page 19 of 19 
10.13 
Signage.  Without Contractor’s written permission, Subcontractor shall not post or display on the Project site any 
sign, banner or other object advertising Subcontractor and shall prevent its sub-subcontractors and suppliers from doing 
the same. 
 
10.14 Record Retention.  Subcontractor shall maintain all Project records for a period of five (5) years after Final Completion.  
To the extent the Subcontract Work is performed on a time and material, cost plus, or cost plus with GMP basis, Contractor 
shall have the right to audit all books and records of Subcontractor as it relates to the Project. 
 
10.15 
Headings/Construction.  The section and paragraph headings contained in this Subcontract are for reference 
purposes only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or interpretation of this Subcontract.  The language and all parts 
of this Subcontract shall in all cases be construed according to its fair meaning, and neither this Subcontract, nor any 
provision of this Subcontract, shall be construed strictly for or against either Contractor or Subcontractor as the result of its 
role in the preparation of this Subcontract or otherwise. 
 
10.16 
Complete Agreement.  This Subcontract represents the complete agreement between the parties and supersedes 
any and all prior negotiations, understandings or agreements between the parties. There are no representations, promises, 
agreements, orally or in writing, which are not embodied in this Subcontract and the exhibits hereto.  
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
Draft


===== PAGE 23 =====
Subcontractor Name 
(MSA#:______-__.__) 
__-__-______ 
 
 
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
ADDENDUM NUMBER 1 
STATE SPECIFIC PROVISIONS FOR THE STATE OF NEVADA 
 
The laws of the State in which the Subcontract Work is to be performed shall govern the Subcontract.  The following 
provisions of the “Exhibit A - Subcontract General Conditions” are modified to further comply with the laws of the State in 
which the Subcontract Work is to be performed.  Except as expressly modified by this Addendum 1, all of the provisions of 
the Subcontract remain unaltered and in full force and effect. 
 
1. Interpretation. In any instance that a provision in the Subcontract or this Addendum 1 is broader than that allowed 
by applicable law, such provision shall be given its broadest permissible meaning and shall only be limited to the 
extent necessary to comply with applicable law. 
 
2. Prompt Pay for Publicly Owned or Financed Projects. If the Project involves public works not sponsored by the 
Nevada Department of Transportation, the payment requirements contained in Section 1.1 are replaced with the 
following:  “Contractor shall pay Subcontractor within ten (10) days after receiving payment, including interest, from 
the public agency.”  
 
 
If the Project is sponsored by the Nevada Department of Transportation, the payment requirements of 
Section 1.1, are replaced with the following:  “Contactor shall pay Subcontractor with fifteen (15) days after receiving 
payment, including interest, from the Nevada Department of Transportation.”   
 
3. Retainage.   Contractor may retain up to five percent (5%) of each monthly payment due to Subcontractor.  Final 
release of retainage will be made at final payment. 
 
4. Prevailing Wages.  In addition to the requirements of Section 1.5 and Section 8.1, to the extent required on public 
works projects, Subcontractor shall comply with Nevada’s prevailing wage laws including, without limitation, NRS 
338.020, et seq. 
  
5. Lien Waivers.  Lien waivers required in Section 1.9 must conform to the requirements of NRS 108.2457. 
 
6. Condition Precedent to Payment.  Section 1.12 is stricken in its entirety. 
 
7. Assignment.  If the Project involves public works, in addition to the prior written consent of Contractor as provided 
in Section 10.3, any consent to assignment or to subletting any portion of the Subcontract Work shall also subject 
to the approval of the awarding authority.   
 
8. Continuance of Services and Payment.  Section 7.2 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 
Subcontractor shall continue to perform its Subcontract Work during any dispute resolution proceeding unless it 
has properly elected to stop work in accordance with Nevada law.  If Subcontractor continues to perform, Contractor 
shall continue to make payment in accordance with this Subcontract for amounts not in dispute. 
 
9. Location.  Section 7.10 shall be replaced in its entirety with the following: 
 
Unless otherwise agreed to in writing by the parties, the location of the dispute resolution procedures set forth in 
this Section 7 shall be either in Clark County or Washoe County, Nevada.  
Draft
