
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Page 1 of 5 
CORE West, Inc. 
 
PRE-CONSTRUCTION INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS INSTRUCTION SHEET 
 
Advance Planning: Nye County School District Tonopah Elementary School Replacement 
1 Ray Tennant Drive  
Tonopah, NV 89049 
 
 
Prior to starting Work on the project site, Subcontractor shall provide, subject to the approval of Contractor, certificates and 
endorsements evidencing the insurance required by the Contract Documents, and as set forth within the “Attachment “E” – 
Insurance Conditions” of the Subcontract Agreement and/or Work Authorization (“Agreement”), but in no event shall the 
coverages and limits be less than those specified within this Insurance Instruction Sheet.  Any acceptance of Certificates of 
Insurance or endorsements by Contractor, or failure of Subcontractor to provide Certificates of Insurance or endorsements, 
shall in no way limit or relieve Subcontractor of its duties and responsibilities under its Agreement.  All Insurance policies 
shall remain in full force and effect throughout the contract duration.   
 
CORE is now using a third-party vendor, JONES, to assist with tracking certificates of insurance.  You will receive an email 
from compliance@gaisb.com containing a link through which you must upload your certificate of insurance, with required 
endorsements, for consideration.  DO NOT EMAIL COIs TO compliance@gaisb.com, ONLY UPLOAD COIs VIA THE LINK 
WHICH YOU WILL RECEIVE.  You will receive additional communications from this email address for various compliance 
issues such as expiration notices, deficiencies or “Gaps” in coverage, as well as a notification when you are compliant.   
 
Should you have any questions, please direct them to: 
 
 
compliance@gaisb.com 
 
Please ensure that the certificates include the Project Name, CORE Project Number and all additional insureds as required 
by the Contract Documents.  Endorsements, if not blankets, must also include the names of all additional insureds.  Your 
submission will otherwise be rejected. 
 
Required Additional Insured(s) listed below:  
• 
CORE West, Inc. (Contractor) 
• 
Nye County School District (NCSD) (Owner) and all others as required by the Prime Contract  
 
 
The Certificate Holder will be:  
 
CORE West, Inc.  
7150 Cascade Valley Court 
Las Vegas, NV 89128 
 
 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
Page 2 of 5 
INSURANCE REQUIREMENTS:  
 
 
1. Workers’ Compensation: 
 
Coverage A.  Statutory Benefits, in required statutory limits for the state in which the work is to be 
performed. 
Coverage B.  Employer’s Liability. 
 
 
Bodily Injury by accident 
$1,000,000 each accident 
 
Bodily Injury by disease  
$1,000,000 policy limit 
 
Bodily Injury by disease  
$1,000,000 each employee 
 
Coverage must include a Waiver of Subrogation endorsement in favor of the Additional Insureds. 
 
Where applicable, U.S. Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act Endorsement shall be attached 
to the policy. 
 
2. Commercial Auto Coverage: 
 
Auto Liability limits of not less than $1,000,000 each accident, combined Bodily Injury and Property Damage 
Liability insurance.  Certificate to reflect coverage for “Any Auto” or “All Owned, Hired and Non-Owned”. 
 
If the Contract Documents require Subcontractor to remove and haul hazardous waste from the Project site, 
or if the Project involves such similar environmental exposure, pollution liability coverage equivalent to that 
provided under the ISO Pollution Liability-Broadened Coverage for Covered Autos Endorsement shall be 
provided, and the Motor Carrier Act Endorsement (MCS 90) shall be attached. 
 
An endorsement naming, to the fullest extent permitted by law, Contractor, Owner, and any other parties 
in interest as Additional Insured(s) under the coverage specified under Commercial Auto Coverage. 
 
An endorsement stating: “Such coverage as is afforded by this policy for the benefit of the additional 
insured(s) is primary and any other coverage maintained by such additional insured(s) shall be non-
contributing with the coverage provided under this policy.” 
 
Coverage must include a Waiver of Subrogation endorsement in favor of the Additional Insureds. 
 
3. Commercial General Liability: 
 
Limits must meet the minimums set forth below, or the policy limit, whichever is greater: 
 
Per Occurrence  
 
 
 
$1,000,000 
Personal Injury/Advertising Injury 
 
$1,000,000 
Products/Completed Operations Aggregate 
$2,000,000 
General Aggregate 
 
 
 
$2,000,000 
   (other than Products/Completed Operations) 
 
Excess or Umbrella policies may be used to meet the above limit requirements. 
 
Coverage must include a Waiver of Subrogation endorsement in favor of the Additional Insureds. 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====
 
 
 
Page 3 of 5 
Both policy forms must include: 
a) Premises and Operations coverage with no explosion, collapse or underground damage (XCU) 
exclusions. 
b) Products and Completed Operations coverage shall be maintained from the Substantial Completion 
date of the project through the expiration of the statute of repose for the jurisdiction in which the 
project is located. 
c) Blanket contractual coverage for the indemnity/hold harmless agreements assumed in this 
Subcontract and in the Prime Contract.  Any Employee Exclusion will be deleted. 
d) Broad Form Property Damage coverage, including completed operations or its equivalent. 
e) An endorsement naming, to the fullest extent permitted by law Contractor, Owner and any other 
parties in interest as Additional Insured(s) under the coverage specified under Comprehensive 
General Liability or Commercial General Liability.  The endorsement shall be on both ISO forms CG 
20 10 07 04 and CG 20 37 07 04, or their equivalent.  Any form that does not grant additional 
insured status for both the ongoing operations and products/completed operations coverages IS 
NOT ACCEPTABLE. Additional Insured endorsements must be submitted with the certificate 
of insurance. 
f) 
An endorsement stating: “Such coverage as is afforded by this policy for the benefit of the 
additional insured(s) is primary and any other coverage maintained by such additional insured(s) 
shall be non-contributing with the coverage provided under this policy.” 
g) Coverage on an “Occurrence” form.  “Claims Made” and “Modified Occurrence” forms are not 
acceptable. 
h) Coverage to include general aggregate limits on a “per project” basis. 
 
4. Excess Liability: 
 
Subcontractor shall obtain the following umbrella or excess liability insurance (must cover over WC, GL, and 
Auto) in addition to the above liability amounts with limits, both per occurrence and in the aggregate, not 
less than: 
 
Crane Subcontractors 
 
 
           $10,000,000 
Piling Subcontractors 
 
 
 
$5,000,000 
Electrical Subcontractors 
 
 
$5,000,000 
HVAC Subcontractors 
 
 
 
$5,000,000 
Masonry/Concrete/Pre-cast Subcontractors 
$5,000,000 
Elevator Subcontractors  
 
 
$5,000,000 
Site Utility Subcontractors 
 
 
$5,000,000 
Plumbing Subcontractors 
 
 
$5,000,000 
Curtain Wall Subcontractors 
 
 
$5,000,000 
Roofing Subcontractors  
 
 
$5,000,000 
Structural Steel Subcontractors  
 
$5,000,000 
Fire Protection Subcontractors  
 
$5,000,000 
All Other Subcontractors 
 
 
$2,000,000 
5. Professional Liability: 
 
 
 
$1,000,000 per claim and in the aggregate 
 
If Subcontractor has design or engineering responsibility in the execution of the Subcontract obligations, 
Subcontractor shall provide Professional Liability coverage with limited contractual liability coverage in favor 
of Contractor and a deductible of no greater than $50,000 per claim.  Any self-insured retention (SIR) must 
be clearly identified on the certificate of insurance and is subject to Contractor’s approval.  This insurance 
shall be maintained for not less than the duration of the project and five (5) years following completion of 


===== PAGE 4 =====
 
 
 
Page 4 of 5 
construction.  Retroactive date of such coverage must be on or before the date Subcontractor (and its 
consultants/sub-subcontractors) began providing professional services for the project.   
 
6. Contractor’s Pollution Liability: 
 
 
 
 
 
Not less than: 
$5,000,000 per occurrence (or per claim, if Claims-Made) and in the 
aggregate for those handling or transporting hazardous materials 
$1,000,000 per occurrence (or per claim, if Claims-Made) and in the 
aggregate for all others. 
 
If the scope of the Subcontractor’s Work involves the handling, disposing of, or installing any state or 
federally regulated hazardous materials or Subcontractors performing mechanical, plumbing, HVAC, 
drywall, insulation, excavation, trenching, or any or containment of water in any manner or form whatsoever, 
including vapor or moisture barriers, roofing, flashing, windows, curtain wall, plaster or stucco (exterior 
only), EIFS, any building enclosure system or the protection from water intrusion,  Contractor’s Pollution 
Liability insurance covering bodily injury and property damage arising from sudden or gradual pollution 
incidents in connection with the Subcontractor’s Work and those of its subtiers.  Such insurance shall 
provide for legal costs, defense costs, clean-up and remediation costs, transportation of pollutants on and 
off the project site, non-owned disposal site liability.  There shall be no exclusions for fungus, mold, silica, 
asbestos, or lead.  If using a Claims Made policy, retroactive date shall be on or before the date 
Subcontractor begins its Work.  An endorsement naming the additional insureds listed above shall be 
provided with a waiver of subrogation in favor of the Additional Insureds.  Coverage shall be maintained 
including additional insured coverage for 5 years following Substantial Completion of the Project. 
 
7. Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles/Drone Liability Coverage: 
 
Not less than: 
$2,000,000 per occurrence, both Bodily Injury/Property Damage and 
Personal & Advertising Injury 
 
If Subcontractor utilizes Unmanned Aircraft Vehicles (UAVs)/Drones, Subcontractor shall provide Aviation 
Liability Insurance covering the use of UAVs/Drones.  Such insurance shall cover bodily injury, property 
damage and Personal & Advertising Injury.  Subcontractor shall comply with all FAA regulations relating to 
commercial operation of UAVs/Drones.  Subcontractor shall notify Contractor of its intention to utilize these 
UAVs/Drones. 
 
8. Other Requirements: 
 
a) All policies shall be endorsed to provide Contractor a thirty (30) day notice prior to any insurance policy, 
represented therein, being cancelled or modified. 
b) All policies must be written by insurance companies whose rating, in the most recent Best’s Rating 
Guide, is not less than A- VII.  All coverage forms must be acceptable to Contractor. 
c) Certificates of Insurance with the required endorsements (as stated above) evidencing the required 
coverages must be delivered to the Contractor prior to commencement of any Subcontract Work.  
Failure of Contractor to demand such certificate or other evidence of full compliance with these 
insurance requirements or failure of Contractor to identify a deficiency from evidence that is provided 
shall not be construed as a waiver of Subcontractor’s obligation to maintain such insurance.  Contractor 
shall have the right, but not the obligation, to prohibit Subcontractor or any of its subcontractors from 
entering the Project site until such certificates or other evidence that insurance has been placed in 
complete compliance with these requirements is received and approved by Contractor. 


===== PAGE 5 =====
 
 
 
Page 5 of 5 
d) Subcontractor shall be responsible to satisfy any deductible or self-insured retention with respect to 
any of the coverages required by this Subcontract.  
e) 
Contractor reserves the right, in its sole discretion, to require higher limits of liability coverage if, in 
Contractor’s opinion, operations by or on behalf of Subcontractor create higher than normal hazards 
and, to require Subcontractor to name additional parties in interest to be Additional Insureds. In the 
event Subcontractor is requested to provide such additional limits of liability coverage, Subcontractor 
will be allowed to submit a Change Order Request so that it may be compensated for any such change. 
f) 
In the event that rental of equipment is undertaken to complete and/or perform the Subcontract Work, 
Subcontractor agrees that it shall be solely responsible for such rental equipment.  Such responsibility 
shall include, but not be limited to, theft, fire, vandalism and use by unauthorized persons. 
g) If the Work involves the design, construction, fabrication, preparation, installation, application, 
maintenance or repair (including remodeling, service, correction, or replacement) of any "exterior 
insulation finish system" (EIFS) or any part thereof, or substantially similar system, the Subcontractor's 
CGL policy shall not include exclusions for such work.  Alternatively, "EIFS" coverage may be provided 
under a separate policy. 
h) In the event that the insurance coverages provided by the Subcontractor pursuant to the Contract 
Documents exceed the minimums set forth in the Contract Documents, then in that event, Contractor 
shall have the benefit of all such excess coverages. 
i) 
Subcontractor shall require any entity it hires to provide any services under the Contract Documents to 
provide evidence of insurance equivalent to the requirements of Subcontractor under this Attachment. 
When employees of the Subcontractor are provided via a Professional Employment Organization (PEO) 
or Employee Leasing Company, such entity shall provide a certificate of insurance (COI) evidencing their 
Commercial General Liability and Workers’ Compensation/Employer’s Liability coverages.  Workers’ 
Compensation policy shall include a waiver of subrogation endorsement in the favor of the Additional 
Insureds.  Commercial General Liability and Employer’s Liability limits must meet the minimum limits 
set forth above in Sections 1, 3 and 4. 
 
9. Property Insurance/Builder’s Risk: 
 
 
A. Contractor and Subcontractor waive all rights against each other and against Owner, Architect/Engineer, 
separate contractors, and all other subcontractors for damages caused by fire or other perils covered by 
Builder's Risk or any other property insurance, except such rights as they may have to the proceeds of such 
insurance.  Subcontractor shall require its subcontractors to provide similar waivers.   
 
B. Subcontractor will be responsible for Builder’s Risk/Property deductibles when such claims for loss or 
damage arise out of the negligent acts or willful misconduct of Subcontractor, or anyone for whose acts 
they are liable.  Deductible responsibility will not extend to claims incurred as a result of flood, earthquake, 
Named Storm, or Severe Storm, as defined by the builder’s risk policy. 
 
C. Any coverage provided under Builder’s Risk policies maintained by Owner or Contractor shall exclude 
Subcontractor’s tools and equipment, including trailers, excavators, scaffolds and forms. 
 
