
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Page 1 of 1 
BILLING PROCESS FOR MAJOR PROJECT VENDORS 
 
1. 
All subcontractors and major material suppliers are considered major vendors on CORE’s construction 
projects and shall be herein referred to as vendors. Second and third tier subcontractors and suppliers 
shall be referred to as sub-vendors. 
 
2. 
In Order to expedite the process of the monthly pay application, CORE utilizes an electronic processing 
and payment product called Textura.  All CORE vendors are required to register with Textura at least 30 
days prior to their first billing.  If you have not previously registered, please go to 
https://www.oracle.com/construction-engineering/textura-training/ for further information or contact 
CORE. 
 
3. 
The following documents will be required by CORE on every project during every monthly billing cycle: 
1) 
Application for Payment  
2) 
Schedule of Values  
3) 
Lien Releases (Waivers) from both vendor and sub-vendors 
 
4. 
To facilitate the preparation of the monthly pay request to the Architect/Owner, the vendor shall submit 
to CORE’s project manager a schedule of values in the approved format for the work that the vendor 
considers completed. After an agreement has been reached between the project manager and the vendor, 
CORE will attempt to collect the percentages requested. If the percentages approved by the 
Architect/Owner are different from that submitted by the vendor, CORE will communicate this information 
to the vendor. Any back up information that is available to support the amount being requested is highly 
recommended. 
 
5. 
When a vendor’s invoice is presented for final payment, CORE shall require unconditional final lien releases 
from all sub-vendors before releasing any funds to the vendor.  If at any time CORE has reasonable doubt 
of a vendor’s ability to pay his sub-vendors in full, CORE Construction reserves the right to require prior 
lien releases or to issue joint checks regardless of the amounts involved. 
 
6. 
If a vendor has more than one subcontract agreement or purchase order with CORE on any project, 
separate invoices, schedule of values, and waivers shall be submitted for each agreement. 
 
7. 
Any additional billing information requested by the Owner, Architect, Construction Manager, or CORE 
shall be submitted as requested. 
 
8. 
To collect retention money due, vendors must submit a separate invoice in order for CORE to process the 
amount for payment. A Full & Final contract verification will be sent out verifying final contract amounts, 
this will need to be signed and returned.  
 
9. 
All payment applications, with projections through the end of the month, need to be submitted by the 
20th of the month.  Once the draw closes, you will not be included for funds disbursement for that month. 
 
10. 
Enclosed with your contract is a W9 form.  Please complete and return with your signed contract if you 
have not previously done so.  
