SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #008 Site Clearing, Demo, Earthwork, Asphalt Paving, &
Wet Utilities

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Site Demo, Clearing, Earthwork, Asphalt Paving & Wet Utilities Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 02 41 13 – Selective Site Demolition
Division 31 – Earthwork
Section 32 12 16 – Asphalt Paving
Division 33 - Utilities

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Bidding Requirements, Contract Forms, and Conditions of the Contract
Division 01 – General Requirements
Division 02 – Existing Conditions
Division 03 – Concrete
Division 32 – Exterior Improvements
Division 33 – Site Utilities

Scope of Work – Temporary Construction Requirements & Dust Control – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Provide minimum 10,000 s.f. construction trailer pad of fractured rock. Grade and install gravel at contractor parking and laydown areas as shown on the Logistics Plan.
Construct and maintain for the duration of the Project, and remove at completion, Department of Air Quality required trackout lengths consisting of both trackout rock and rumble plates at all vehicular entrances. There will be at least two (2) entrances as indicated on Logistics Plan.
Clean and maintain trucking access routes for all equipment, including street sweeping as required for this scope of work only.
Supply and install stand tank for duration of project. Provide temporary water piping from nearest hydrant to stand tank, if needed. Include temporary waterline to trailer area. Jones valve is provided by Contractor.
Subcontractor shall prepare, submit, and obtain Storm Water Pollution Prevention Plan (SWPPP) for the project site. Scope of work shall include installation and maintenance of all controls, and performing required maintenance documentation for the duration of the Subcontractor’s scope of work.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Provide dust palliative as indicated at completion of work at this site.

Scope of Work – Building Wrecking – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Demolish and remove from site existing Modular Concessions Building, including foundations.
Demolish and remove from site existing Press Box, including deck & stairs.
Remove all below-grade improvements including Foundations and Utility services within a 5’ boundary of the existing building footprints. Cut and cap utilities.
Include all sawcutting as necessary to complete this scope of work.

Scope of Work – Site Clearing / Demolition – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Salvage and turnover to Contractor items scheduled to be salvaged.
Coordinate with Contractor for removal, protection, and storage / turnover as required.
Coordinate with Electrical Subcontractor to ensure dry utilities are capped/made-safe, and equipment salvage has been completed, prior to demolition activities.
Subcontractor shall provide all site demolition and disposal of items disconnected by others, including all abandoned conduit and feeders as indicated.
Perform all Wet Utilities Demolition work including excavation of existing underground wet utilities.
Remove and dispose of existing domestic water lines from existing backflow preventor to 5’ outside existing building.
Remove and dispose of existing sewer water lines from existing manhole to 5’ outside existing building.
Abandon in place existing below grade utilities not uncovered during Earthwork activities, unless specifically scheduled for removal.
Include all photographs and documentation of existing conditions as indicated.
Demolish existing curbs, gutters, asphalt & concrete paving, including existing running track surfacing and subsurfacing.
Demolish existing fencing & gates in its entirety, including foundations / footings.
Demolish existing field lighting & light poles, and flag pole, including foundations / footings.
Demolish existing pressbox and bleachers, including foundations / footings as indicated and required.
Demolish existing athletic equipment, including foundations / footings as indicated and required.
Football goal posts.
Track & field equipment as indicated, including landing pit materials.
Include all sawcutting as required.
Demolish, remove, and dispose of all existing turf materials.
Demolish, remove, and dispose of all existing landscaping.
Provide tree removal, including stump grinding and removal, as indicated and required.
Coordinate with Landscape Subcontractor for continued irrigation of trees to remain.
Clear site of existing organics, non-organic waste, refuse, and unsatisfactory materials with haul-off and legal off-site disposal.
Includes removal of weeds at landscape planter areas within the limits of work as indicated.
Remove from site and legally dispose of all demolished materials.
Protect in place all items to remain, including electrical transformer, utilities vaults, etc.

Scope of Work – Domestic Water Distribution System – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install domestic water system including tie-in to existing backflow, piping, fittings, valves, and all related components and appurtenances required for a complete system.
Provide ductile iron, copper, and/or PVC water system piping, fittings, valves, and thrust blocks as indicated and required.
Supply and install all reducers, gate valves, and all water and fire water utility lines including all indicated bends and tee’s, at all indicated points of connection.
Perform multiple flush and tests as required by Tonopah Public Utilities.  Disinfect and chlorinate water lines.  Provide written documentation of all flush procedures and testing.
Provide GPS as-builts of all underground domestic water.  Provide drafted plan upon completion of utility scope.

Scope of Work – Sanitary Sewer System – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install sanitary sewer system including tie-in to existing manhole, piping, fittings, and all related components and appurtenances required for a complete system.
Include shoring as required for deep manholes, if required.
Supply and install concrete encasement of new sanitary sewer piping at water crossings where separation distances cannot be maintained, as required.
Subcontractor shall camera all sanitary sewer piping to 5’ outside of building, and provide video documentation to Contractor for acceptance.
Provide GPS as-builts of all underground sanitary sewer utilities.  Provide AutoCAD file and drafted plan upon completion of utility scope.

Scope of Work – Storm Drain System – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install storm drainage system including piping, catch basins, drop inlets, manholes, outfalls / headwalls, and all fittings, as indicated.
Supply and install perforated storm drainage piping at athletic equipment sand pits, including gravel bedding and backfill as indicated and required.
Supply and install perforated storm drain system along straight sides of turf system as indicated and detailed.
Supply and install prefabricated trench drains as detailed.

Scope of Work – Wet Utilities Demo, Trenching, and Backfill – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Request Call Before You Dig onsite prior to any excavation activities to obtain dig permit. Locate/mark-out known private utilities in the vicinity of excavation activities prior to commencement.
Verify sanitary sewer and water supply invert elevations as soon as contract is in place.
Coordinate layout of site utility work with other Subcontractors to eliminate conflicts.
Coordinate layout and invert elevations with Plumbing Subcontractor for plumbing work.
Provide all excavation, trenching, shoring, and temporary protection for this scope of work as required and in compliance with OSHA standards and Contractor requirements. All backfill operations must be inspected by third party inspection agency; refer to Geotechnical Report for backfill requirements.
Provide all excavation support and hazard protection, including shop drawings and engineering, as required (only if shoring is required).
Provide all work barriers, hazard barriers, hazard signage, flaggers, and traffic control for Work of this Subcontract.
Perform all wet utility shading, bedding, backfill, and compaction.
At the completion of trenching and backfilling, subgrade elevations shall match adjacent subgrade elevations.
Supply and install all concrete for Wet Utilities scope of work including thrust blocks, slurry, encasement, and manhole collars as required.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents, including any hard digging due to rock or caliche removal. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
Legally dispose of all soil spoils generated by this scope of work. All excess spoils to be disposed of lawfully at completion of work. Stockpiling of spoils is not permitted.
Make final connection of site wet utilities to plumbing line(s) if building plumbing is already in place.
Provide all final wet utility adjustments.

Scope of Work – Earthwork – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Subcontractor shall perform all site grading work including over-excavation, scarification, compaction, import/export, structural fill material to attain onsite and off-site design subgrade(s), including Type II at Building Pad (provide certified Building Pad), earthwork associated with drainage features, curbs, driveways, landscaping, and site concrete.  Excavate and remove all rock, caliche and hard dig material as required based on Geotechnical recommendations.
Over-excavate areas with unacceptable soils as required by the Geotechnical Report.  In the event of a conflict in requirements between the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
Remove and legally dispose of abandoned underground utilities encountered during earthwork activities.
Provide grading +/- 0.10 foot at building and site concrete areas and +/- 0.10 foot at landscaping areas (including artificial turf areas), unless otherwise noted.
Coordinate backfill requirements for planting areas with Landscaping Subcontractor.  Do not use oversize material as backfill.
Supply and install subbase for synthetic turf as specified – assume 6” of Type II base, unless noted otherwise on Civil documents.
Supply and install Type II for all onsite curbs and asphaltic concrete paving.
Provide and install rip rap as indicated.
All import shall be from an approved pit or if onsite material shall be reviewed for approval prior to placement.  Provide all required documentation to obtain third-party approval(s) for the use of soil materials.
Provide all labor, materials, and equipment to complete all backfill of exterior building footings. Subcontractor shall meet any and all drainage requirements for site, including filter fabric, drain rock, etc., as may be required. Coordinate work with Wet Utilities, Landscaping, Waterproofing, Concrete, and Masonry Subcontractors as required.
Perform grading for all site drainage features as indicated. All water to drain as indicated on Civil drawings. Ponding will result in rework.
Legally dispose of all soil spoils generated by this scope of work. All excess spoils to be disposed of lawfully at completion of work. Stockpiling of spoils is not permitted.
Provide soil stabilization at graded slopes not scheduled to receive paving as required to maintain angle of repose.

Scope of Work – Asphaltic Concrete Paving – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply, place, and compact asphalt paving at running track as indicated in the soils report and as shown on Civil documents.
Ensure finished surface per Track Surfacing subsurface tolerances as specified and required.
Provide in-house testing of asphalt paving mix and installation.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Subcontractor is responsible to request surveying a minimum of 48 hours in advance. Requests must be submitted to Contractor in writing.
Protect and maintain survey monuments and staking to prevent damage.
Request Call Before You Dig onsite prior to any excavation activities to obtain dig permit. Locate/mark-out known private utilities in the vicinity of excavation activities prior to commencement.
Immediately cease work and coordinate with Contractor for remediation and disposal of any hazardous materials encountered during course of work.
Provide all required testing of wet utility systems.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Subcontractor shall provide competent foreman who shall participate in daily huddle and weekly workplan meetings.
Include multiple mobilizations, import/export, and haul/disposal activities as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.
Provide record drawing as required by Authorities Having Jurisdiction (AHJs).

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 008.01 – (DEDUCT) – COMBINE with Bid Package #004 Building Wrecking
State the amount to be deducted from Subcontractor's Proposal if awarded this scope of work and Scope of Work #004 Building Wrecking. Subcontractor shall review Scope of Work #004 and complete the corresponding Proposal (Bid) Form under separate cover in a sealed envelope. (NOTE: Proposals provided for both this Scope of Work #008 and for Scope of Work #004 shall reflect the full value of the respective scopes of work. This alternate is to provide a discount for being awarded multiple scopes of work.)

Alternate 008.02 – (UNIT RATE) – Caliche Unit Rate
Provide unit rate value for caliche removal, including hard digging, excavation, haul, and disposal, for quantities in excess of that depicted in Contract Documents, including Geotechnical Report (Reference Division 31 as applicable for Rock and Caliche Removal). Include cost to replace removed caliche with engineered fill.

Alternate 008.03 – (ADD) – Propane Gas System at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install new underground propane piping, including all fittings, valves, and related components and appurtenances required for a complete scope of work to connect new propane tank to existing building to remain at the abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), as indicated.

Alternate 008.04 – (ADD) – Demolition & Site Clearing at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to perform all site clearing and selective site demolition at
the abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), including:
Sawcut and remove all concrete paving as shown on the drawings for removal, including steps-on-grade and equipment pads as indicated and required.
Provide tree removal, including stump grinding and removal, as indicated and required.
Demolish and remove landscaping, including shut off of irrigation and sprinklers and/or main water line, as indicated.
Remove and dispose of existing chain link fencing and gates, handrails, playground equipment, and basketball hoops and posts, including all footings.
Fill open stem wall CMU cells with dirt as indicated and required (1/AD1.15).
Provide rough site grading at completion of demolition activities, including backfilling all footing holes and excavated trenches with native materials, as required.
Remove and haul off existing propane tank and associated piping scheduled for demolition.
Coordinate with Electrical Subcontractor for safe-off of feeders from transformer to demolished buildings. Remove, haul and dispose of feeders (outside of footprint of demolished buildings) scheduled for demolition.
Cap abandoned water line as required.
Protect in place all items to remain.
Provide dust control for all work at this site.
Provide traffic control plans, traffic control, flagging and barricades for offsite activities as required for this scope of work only. Apply for and obtain any required offsite excavation and/or traffic control permits required for the scope of work of this Subcontract.
Provide dust palliative as indicated at completion of work at this site.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK


Page  PAGE 2 of  NUMPAGES  2


0-10705100NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex