SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #094 Bleachers & Press Box

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Bleachers & Press Box Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 13 12 50 – Permanent Outdoor Bleacher
Section 13 34 23 – Fabricated Press Box Structure

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 03 30 00 – Cast-In-Place Concrete
Division 31 – Earthwork

Scope of Work – Bleachers – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install Aluminum Grandstand Bleachers with steel understructure, including all equipment per plans, equipment schedule, and related items as indicated and specified.
Provide total bleacher seating quantity per Contract Documents.
Provide a bleacher system comprised of multiple tiered seating rows.
Provide bleacher rows comprised of risers, seat and deck components, stairs, guardrails, and a complete set of supportive columns and braces and all railings per the documents.
Provide integral stairs and ramps, including bottom tier walking platform, as indicated.
Provide galvanized chain link infill at guardrails where required, including around entire bleacher assembly / perimeter.
Provide access to press box door landing. Ensure walkway is continuous without gaps greater than 1/2" wide (by means of floor closure plates or similar system). Ensure perimeter guardrail is continuous between top-of-bleacher guardrail and press box; top of bleacher guardrail shall be within 2" of press box wall and press box landing guardrail (on respective sides).
Bleacher design and fabrication shall conform to ICC 300 and IBC 2018 codes.
Supply and install all structural components, welding, priming, and prefinished items as specified.
Provide all anchors, fasteners, and sealants required to provide a complete scope of work.
Provide final adjustments, start up, and training as specified.

Scope of Work – Press Box – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install exterior Press Box, including all items as indicated and specified for a complete, turnkey system, including but not limited to:
Insulated enclosure.
Finished flooring and ceilings.
Metal door. Lock hardware to match District protocol. Coordinate with Contractor and Door Subcontractor for keying requirements.
Manual roller shade at windows.
Countertop continuous below windows.
Guardrails at entry platform, and at roof perimeter .
Roof access ladder.
Electrical panel, receptacles and LED lighting.
Includes exterior mounted LED lighting on face and at underside of press box.
Includes weather-proof receptacles on roof top.
Data drops, PA control, and scoreboard interface.
All pathways for communications, security, and fire alarm systems.
Electric unit heater or baseboard heater with thermostat.
Supply and install all structural components, including support posts and framing, welding, priming, and prefinished items as specified.
Supply and install footings including excavation, backfill, compacted subbase, concrete, reinforcing, sleeves, anchors, coring if required, layout, and clean-up for these scopes of work.  Backfill all footing excavations.
Provide all anchors, fasteners, and sealants required to provide a complete scope of work.
Provide final connections, touch-ups, and adjustments prior to acceptance.
Coordinate with Electrical Subcontractor for installation of new and salvaged Audio-Visual Equipment. Electrical and Low Voltage final connections by Electrical Subcontractor.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Materials and installation shall comply with applicable ADA requirements.
Coordinate with Contractor for location of all underground piping prior to installation of foundations.
All materials shall comply with flame spread ratings as required; provide manufacturers certifications.
Adhere to applicable regulations and standards.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work during working hours per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Provide traffic control plans, traffic control, flagging and barricades for onsite and/or offsite activities as required for this scope of work only. Request Call Before You Dig onsite prior to any excavation activities to obtain dig permit. Locate/mark-out known private utilities in the vicinity of excavation activities prior to commencement.
Remove and legally dispose of all dirt spoils generated by this scope of work.
Provide all deferred submittals, including engineering and permits, as required for this scope of work.
Structural foundation and framing design provided in Bid Documents is for reference only. Subcontractor shall provide all design and engineering required for a complete turnkey installation of Bleachers & Pressbox, including all associated steel structure / framing, and foundations / footings.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.
Subcontractor shall provide competent foreman who shall participate in daily huddle and weekly workplan meetings.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 094.01 – (ADD) – Scoreboards
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install Scoreboards as indicated and per Scope of Work #089 Scoreboards.

Alternate 094.02 – (ADD) – Prefabricated Ticket Booth
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install Prefabricated Ticket Booth as indicated and per Scope of Work #109 Prefabricated Ticket Booth, including engineering and permitting as required.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK


Page  PAGE 2 of  NUMPAGES  2


left63500NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex