SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #040 Moisture Protection & Sealants

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Moisture Protection & Sealants Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 07 13 00 – Sheet Waterproofing
Section 07 92 00 – Joint Sealants

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements

Scope of Work – Dampproofing & Waterproofing – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install below grade sheet waterproofing systems at building stem and foundation walls, as indicated and specified, including protection board, and all related accessories as specified and required for a complete installation.

Scope of Work – Caulking, Sealants & Fire Stopping – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and apply all Sealants at interior and exterior masonry joints, masonry-to-metal joints, exterior metal cladding joints, and all masonry penetrations.
All custom color matched interior and exterior sealants at Masonry control joints and at hollow metal frames (glazed openings to be by others), in accordance with the contract documents.
Custom match sealant colors and install on Masonry and Metal Panel wall mockups at Contractor laydown yard for review and acceptance, prior to installation on the new building walls. Where direction is not explicitly provided for sealant placement, coordinate such requirements with Contractor and the design team. Coordinate with onsite Superintendent for mock-up size and requirements.
Provide backer rod and sealant at all dissimilar metals.
Supply and apply caulking for interior side of door and window frames and systems (exterior side of glazed systems by glazing subcontractor), fire extinguisher cabinets, and mirrors at gaps abutting walls.
Supply and apply sealants at all cast-in-place concrete isolation and expansion joints in sidewalks, paving, and exterior slabs as indicated and required.
Provide accessories, including all backer rod, joint primer, and joint cleaner, where applicable for a complete installation.
Comply with UL requirements as indicated and required.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Provide pull test(s), water test, and any other inspections as required to obtain the specified manufacturer’s warranty for Masonry Joint Sealants.
All materials shall comply with flame spread ratings as required; provide manufacturers certifications.
Repair all related work at completion of project as needed prior to acceptance.
Cleanup shall be performed continuously throughout this scope to ensure no residue remains on finished masonry units not scheduled to receive waterproofing.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK


Page  PAGE 2 of  NUMPAGES  2


left63500NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex