SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #022 Synthetic Turf Sports Field

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

Complete all Synthetic Turf Sports Field Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 32 18 13 – Synthetic Turf

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 32 19 19 – Landscape Grading

Scope of Work – Synthetic Turf Sports Field – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and place a turnkey National Federation of State High School Associations (NFHS) Compliant Synthetic Turf Sports Field system as required to meet performance specifications provided, including but not limited to compacted gravel base, leveling sand, fill material, geotextile underlayment, shock padding, perimeter header boards, turf edge treatments, and all other accessories as required for a complete system.
Provide turf colors as indicated and specified (RS-101, RS-102, and RS-103).
Perform subsurface preparation as required including finish grading of subbase materials for level installation and to the required tolerances as specified. Ponding will result in rework.
Subgrade preparation (note 6 on E/L1.03) by others.
Provide football and soccer game striping, including colors and lettering, as indicated and specified.
Includes center field Logo.
Perform all required percolation tests prior to installation.
Provide all required HIC and G-Max testing upon completion, as required for Contractor acceptance. Include additional mobilizations as may be required to complete all required testing.
Coordinate with Landscaping, Running Track Surfacing, Concrete, & Wet Utilities Subcontractors as required.
Provide Field Groomer as specified.
Provide extra materials as specified.
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Provide certifications from manufacturers and governing authorities as required.
Receive, offload, handle, store and place all related materials and equipment.
Provide an on-site representative at the time of delivery to confirm condition and receipt of all products and equipment.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Clean and maintain trucking access routes for all equipment, including street sweeping as required for this scope of work only.
Clean and remove from site all debris and unsatisfactory materials generated from this scope of work.  Incorporate or legally dispose of all soil spoils generated by this scope of work and work; all excess spoils to be disposed of lawfully at completion of work. No stockpiling will be permitted.
Include multiple mobilizations, import/export, and haul/disposal activities as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 022.01 – (ADD) – Track & Field Athletic Equipment
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install Scoreboards as indicated and per Scope of Work #019 Track & Field Athletic Equipment.

Alternate 022.02 – (ADD) – Storm Drainage System
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install storm drainage system indicated on Civil drawings, including all piping, drop inlets, grates, outlets, etc.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK


Page  PAGE 2 of  NUMPAGES  2


0-10705100NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex