SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #060 Metal Stud Framing, Drywall & Painting

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Metal Stud Framing, Drywall, & Paint Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 05 40 00 – Cold-Formed Metal Framing
Section 06 83 16 – Fiberglass Reinforced Paneling
Section 09 21 16 – Gypsum Board Assemblies
Section 09 91 13 – Exterior Painting
Section 09 91 23 – Interior Painting
Section 09 96 50 – Anti-Graffiti Coatings

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 07 92 00 – Joint Sealants.  Provide all indicated acoustical sealants, if any.
Section 08 31 13 – Access Doors and Panels
Division 09 – Finishes (as pertains to Acoustical Treatments – see Alternates)
Section 10 26 00 – Wall and Door Protection (see Alternate 060.02)

Scope of Work – Metal Stud Framing – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all cold-formed metal framing including light gauge metal ceiling framing, suspended ceiling framing, interior and exterior soffit framing, exterior fascia framing, furring at exterior walls, z-furring and furring channel materials (with thermal break and sound break, as indicated), including associated light gauge metal headers, slip channel, and expansion assemblies where required.
Coordinate exterior wall framing and furring assemblies with Air Barrier and Insulation Subcontractors to comply with IECC requirements.
Frame openings for all ductwork, light fixtures, registers, specialties, and accessories that penetrate framing systems.
Layout, supply, and install all metal bracing, blocking, backing, and strapping as required for all visual display boards, toilet partitions, door stops, toilet and bath accessories, casework, and all other miscellaneous attachments to wall and ceiling framing. Coordinate with other trade Subcontractors. Include backing as required for Owner Furnished items.
Supply and install all related accessories including clamps, connectors, vibration brackets, hanger wires, unistrut supports, anchors, and bolts as required and pertaining to this scope of work only.
Provide seismic bracing for this scope of work as indicated and required.
Provide all layout related to this scope of work
Furnish and install access doors in gypsum board assemblies as indicated. Install only access doors supplied by other trades for access to their systems. Coordinate with Contractor and other trade Subcontractors as needed.
Install insulation at headers and jambs. Insulation provided by others.

Scope of Work – Gypsum Board – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all gypsum board assemblies including fire rated gypsum board, moisture- and mold-resistant gypsum board, fiberglass mat gypsum sheathing, and metal trim, as indicated and required.
Supply and install gypsum wall board at exterior walls full height to bottom of roof deck, whether or not indicated in Bid Documents, to seal interior and air leakage to exterior through soffits and parapets.
Include all auxiliary materials for this scope of work including screws, sealants, polyethylene vapor retarders, and other materials as indicated and required.
Supply and install trim, tape, and texture finishes as specified. Re-texture and patch walls where texture is not acceptable by Architect and/or Owner during final punch list.
Tape and fill joints, and seal shaft perimeters as indicated and required.
Provide finish texture as specified.
Prime all drywall materials prior to application of any texture finish.
Supply and install all Acoustical and Smoke Sealants integral to this scope of work, including compressible sound insulation at top of acoustical partitions, as indicated and required.
Supply and install Firestopping systems, sealants, insulation, fire stop spray, and fire-safing at top and bottom of rated walls where required per plan and per code.
Caulk / seal bottom of walls to slab and top of drywall to deck.
Supply and install neoprene thermal breakers at CMU as indicated and specified.
Furnish and install Fiberglass Reinforced Plastic (FRP) panels as indicated and specified, including all panels, trim, closures, adhesives, and sealants for a complete system.
Clean taping mud from floors, texture overspray, and touch-up all work as required for a complete system ready for final finishes.
Supply and install fire retardant treated Plywood Telephone Termination Boards (TTB). Install TTB(s) on all interior walls of the Electrical Room and IT Room; coordinate location(s) with Electrical Subcontractor.

Scope of Work – Painting & High-Performance Coatings – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and apply all interior and exterior primer, paint, and finishes per the Finish Schedule; provide draw down samples of colors and finishes for approval by the Owner.
Includes all gypsum board surfacing, including walls, ceilings, and soffits.
Includes primer at all locations.
Includes accent paint colors as indicated.
Supply and apply high performance epoxy coating at exposed steel, metal fabrications, and site metals.
Supply and apply primer and paint finishes to exposed structural steel framing and unfinished metal fabrications.
Supply and apply primer and paint for all hollow metal frames, doors, and access panels per the Finish Schedule and as specified.
Supply and apply all primer (as required) and paint for miscellaneous exterior surfaces as indicated, including exposed gas lines, mechanical equipment, ductwork, electrical equipment, exposed metals including bollards, and miscellaneous finishes.
Scope of work shall include surface preparation, caulking, and priming as specified.  Prepare and prime all interior and exterior surfaces to receive paint as indicated.
Supply and apply caulking where painted interior surfaces abut painted surfaces, including hollow metal door frames and window frames, fire extinguisher cabinets, etc.
Provide prime and first coat as scheduled in the Project Manual, with the finish coat to be installed at a later date near the completion of project, at direction of Contractor’s onsite supervision.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide Quality Control / Quality Assurance supervision for this scope of work.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents for seismic requirements. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
Provide all layout related to this scope of work as required.
All materials to comply with flame spread ratings as required; provide manufacturers certifications.
Installation and materials shall comply with all applicable governing codes regulations and guidelines.
Touch-up all work at completion of project as needed prior to acceptance.
Provide a wall system mock-up, not to exceed 100 Square Feet to be constructed in conjunction with an exterior CMU wall and window mock-up. Include wall furring, gypsum wall board, and painted finish. Coordinate with onsite Superintendent for mock-up size and requirements.
Provide means of access to overhead work at all locations as required, including but not limited to scaffolding.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 060.01 – (DEDUCT) – COMBINE with Scope of Work #062 Acoustical Ceiling Treatment
State the amount to be deducted from Subcontractor's Proposal if awarded this scope of work and Scope of Work #062 Acoustical Ceiling Treatment to this scope of work. Subcontractor shall review Scope of Work #062 and complete the corresponding Proposal (Bid) Form under separate cover in a sealed envelope. (NOTE: Proposals provided for both this Scope of Work #060 and for Scope of Work #062 shall reflect the full value of the respective scopes of work. This alternate is to provide a discount for being awarded multiple scopes of work.)

Alternate 060.02 – (ADD) – ADD Corner Guards
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install all corner guards as indicated and required.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK


Page  PAGE 2 of  NUMPAGES  2


left63500NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex