SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #007 Surveying & Staking

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Surveying & Staking Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 32 – Site Improvements

Scope of Work – Survey – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Perform all required calculations to create staking plan for all layout work from provided CAD background files.
Verify horizontal and vertical control points for surveying purposes.
Provide all control survey work for the entire project including verification of all horizontal and vertical controls, and (3) control points for GPS.
Provide and maintain all onsite control points and benchmarks.
Verify existing tie-in grades match grading plans.
Verify existing offsite elevation matches CAD file provided by Civil Engineer. Notify Contractor of findings within the first two (2) weeks following Notice to Proceed (NTP).
Provide record as-built survey document for new site wet and dry utilities.
At completion of project, provide Project Monument Survey, as required for City of Las Vegas.

Scope of Work – Layout & Staking – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Stake Contractor’s staging and parking area corners.
Demolition and Rough Grade Staking
Set demolition limits and site improvement grading.
Utility Staking
Domestic water lines including RPPA’s.
Irrigation water mains and RPPA.
Sanitary sewer system including mains, laterals, cleanouts, area drains, drain inlets, and manholes.
Storm sewer system, including mains, laterals, manholes, drop inlets, cleanouts, and manholes.
Including synthetic turf and running track drainage systems.
Including sand pit storm drainage systems.
Electrical & Low Voltage ductbanks, vaults, pedestals, transformers and site lighting, including sports field lighting.
Transformer.
Natural gas piping from meter location.
Any known existing or located underground systems or utilities not listed above, including but not limited to septic tanks, grease interceptors, etc.
Building Staking
Stake rough grade for building pads at corners and with 40' minimum grid layout as needed.
Redheads and blue top building pad staking.
Sawcuts for all curbs, gutters, and paving to be removed.
Provide Certified Building Pad documentation.
Finished Floor monument and elevation certification.
Stake all building grid lines.
Vertical grid line transfer, to top of footings and on slab-on-grade.
Paving Staking
Provide redheads and bluetops at running track at 50’ intervals.
Stake finish grades for asphalt running track at 50’ intervals.
Final staking including curb and gutter, sidewalks and flatwork.
Site Staking
Stake rough grade staking for entire site at 100’ intervals.
Stake all site concrete including curbs, gutters, sidewalks, and equipment & utility pads.
Stake grade breaks, angle points, and curb transitions.
Stake site amenities, including:
Running track.
Synthetic Turf field
Bleachers.
Pressbox.
Ticket booth.
Scoreboard poles.
Chain link fencing.
Athletic equipment, including:
Goal posts
Pole vault
Discus / shot put rings & toeboards
Discus cage
Long jump board
Soccer goals
Sports lighting.
Flagpoles.
Include as-builts / record of survey monuments.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide Hourly Rate Breakdown.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.

XBE (Excluded By Exception) – This Trade partner will include participation in the base bid.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK