SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #056 Doors, Frames & Hardware

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Doors, Frames & Hardware Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 08 11 13 – Hollow Metal Doors and Frames
Section 08 71 00 – Door Hardware

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements

Scope of Work – Doors & Frames – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all hollow metal door frames in gauges and profiles as indicated including clips, mortar guards, anchors, and preparation for finish hardware and security connections.
Provide pre-fit, fully welded, pre-machined, factory primed doors, frames, and associated hardware complete, as scheduled and specified.
Coordinate with/assist Masonry Subcontractor in the installation of hollow metal frames in CMU openings.
Provide internal support for all hollow metal frames as indicated.
Supply and install all hollow metal doors and all finish hardware, and security hardware, where required.
Provide ‘S’ label for all rated doors, minimum.
Provide STC as outlined in the contract documents.
Supply and install door and frame for mockup.
Supply and install sealants at all interior and exterior doors as indicated and required.
Supply and install any incidental materials required for doors to function per the design intent.

Scope of Work – Door Hardware – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all finish hardware to include templates, construction cores, final cylinder cores, closers, panic hardware, door stops, hinges, locksets, kick-plates, thresholds, security hardware, keying, and related components required for a complete system, including all spares as specified and required.
Coordinate all mortise locations and depressions with hardware manufacturer’s requirements.
Provide top cap, drips, sweeps, gaskets, and aluminum thresholds at all exterior doors.
All thresholds are to be set in a full bed of sealant.
Supply and install construction cores and keys that are replaceable by permanent cores which are interchangeable.  For bidding purposes, assume all doors will require construction cores.
Coordinate with Contractor to ensure hardware packages and keying are consistent across entire project. Coordinate all keying requirements with Contractor and Owner, including providing keying schedule required to obtain Letter of Authorization for permanent lock cores.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide spare parts/Owner stock materials in accordance with the Contract Documents.
Provide shop drawings, samples, product data, and manufacturer’s certifications and sample warranty as required.
Subcontractor shall receive, offload, inventory, stack, and store materials when delivered to jobsite. Coordinate with Masonry & Framing Subcontractors as required.
Provide required labor to receive, shake out, and stage doors, frames and hardware upon arrival.
Hollow metal frames to be installed in masonry walls shall be delivered in advance of masonry activities, as required to meet the updated baseline schedule.
Hollow metal frames to be installed in framed walls shall be delivered in advance of framing activities, as required to meet the updated baseline schedule.
Adjust swing doors to obtain smooth operation. Repair all related work at completion of project as needed prior to acceptance.
Install mock-up for approval by Contractor prior to commencing this scope of work. Coordinate with onsite Superintendent for mock-up size and requirements.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK