SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #045 Metal Roofing, Fascia & Soffit Panels

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Metal Roofing, Fascia & Soffit Panels Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 07 25 00 – Weather Barriers
Section 07 41 13 – Metal Roof Panels
Section 07 62 00 – Sheet Metal Flashing & Trim
Section 07 71 23 – Manufactured Gutters and Downspouts

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 07 92 00 – Joint Sealants

Scope of Work – Metal Roofing – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Provide all labor, materials, and equipment necessary to complete the Metal Roofing System including all specified counter flashing, cleats and reglets, deck sheathing and cover board, blocking, ice and water shield, insulation stops, transitions, and all accessories necessary for a complete and warranted metal roofing installation.
Supply and install all seam sealers, sealants, stripping, tapered insulation and/or crickets, anchors, and accessories for a complete watertight system.
Supply and install all Gutters & Downspouts as required, and in accordance with the plans and specifications.
Coordinate edge condition and attachment of flashing with fascia panels as required to maintain warranties for the systems.
Attachment methods shall be as specified.

Scope of Work – Metal Fascia & Soffit Panels – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install prefinished Metal Fascia & Soffit Panels, including flashing as indicated and related to this scope of work only, and attachment system as indicated and required for a complete scope of work.
Supply and install all trim, underlayment, closures, furring, brackets, anchors, fasteners, sealants, clips, rails, and all accessories pertaining to this scope of work for a complete system.
Coordinate edge condition and attachment of flashing with metal roofing system as required to maintain warranties for the systems.
Provide protection against damage to all roofing surfaces during this scope of work.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Provide Manufacturer’s Representative for multiple site visits during the course of construction if/as required.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents for seismic requirements. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
All materials to comply with flame spread ratings as required; provide manufacturers certifications.
Provide shop drawings, samples, product data and manufacturer’s certifications and sample warranty as required.
Provide protection along access path to roof work area during construction, as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for all receiving, offloading, and hoisting of materials.
Subcontractor shall accept substrate as ready to receive the roofing, fascia & soffit systems. It is Subcontractor’s responsibility to complete the systems by including all components needed to provide a complete, watertight, warranted installation. Subcontractor shall supply and install furring, backing, straps, nailers, etc. as necessary to support the roofing, fascia & soffit systems.
Provide temporary roof closures and water stop as required at the end of each workday to prevent any water intrusion.
When working on finished roof, Subcontractor shall provide and maintain protection of membrane roofing material for the duration of the Metal Panel systems installation.
Comply with warranty requirements as specified, including coordination and compliance with requirements of FM Global.
Comply with all AHJ and regulatory agency requirements as applicable, including FAA regulations as applies to crane activities in applicable zones.
Provide a system mock-up of joint and edge conditions, and as directed by Contractor, to establish detailing and quality of installation. Mock-up shall be constructed and maintained at a location as directed and will not be part of the building envelope.
Perform water testing on completed systems, and repair any deficiencies as required and directed.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK