SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #031 Masonry

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

Complete all Masonry Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Division 04 - Masonry

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Division 03 – Concrete
Division 05 – Metals
Division 07 – Thermal & Moisture Protection
Division 08 – Openings

Scope of Work – Building Masonry – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all masonry and masonry accessories including stems, walls, control joints, control joint expansion material, masonry lintels, pilasters, bond beams, and columns.
Provide fully grouted CMU walls and stem walls.
Provide integral silicone water repellent/sealer for all block, mortar, and grout exposed above grade.
Cooperate in the layout of masonry work from building corners and finish floor elevations, including embeds, control joints, footing rebar layout, and all openings.
Receive, unload, and inventory steel embeds, provided by others.
Provide layout and installation of all embeds, provided by others, including lintels, flashings, embed plates, bearing plates, anchor bolts, and sleeves; grout embeds in place if required.
Includes furnishing and installing all non-shrink (or similar) grout at all embeds set into masonry construction.
Grout and/or drypack under all bearing plates in masonry construction as indicated.
Solid grout all beam pockets in masonry construction after structural steel erection, as indicated.
Supply and install all CMU reinforcing required for this scope of work.
Supply and maintain rebar safety caps for this scope of work.
Furnish and install wall bracing between CMU wall construction and structural steel erection.
Provide layout for formwork/rough bucks for all wall openings in masonry construction.
Provide temporary shoring and bracing for all masonry construction and openings in masonry walls as required to resist lateral deflection. Remove shoring and bracing after wall mortar has reached design strength.
Where masonry stem walls bear on concrete footings, Masonry Subcontractor shall be responsible for cleaning and removing all debris from top of footing as necessary to place masonry units.
Coordinate with other trades for the installation of their materials and systems in masonry work
Layout, install, brace, and grout hollow metal door frames (provided by others) in masonry construction.
Install all masonry wall sleeves supplied by others.
Coordinate surface applied features such as camera, speaker, wall-pack lights, hose bibs locations and smooth face wall returns at entrances. Verify mounting heights with Architectural and MEP drawings.
Supply and place all mortar and grout including test samples, pigment, and admixture as specified.
Construct masonry mock-up as directed by Contractor and Architect, and door framing elements (supplied by others). Remove at completion of masonry work. Coordinate with onsite Superintendent for mock-up size and requirements.
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
If schedule allows, provide PreConstruction prism testing as a separate grout pour. Coordinate with Contractor for requirements.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents for seismic requirements, excavation, backfill, and trenching work. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
The Project has a Class D Seismic Design Category; Seismic Importance Factor: 1.0.
Provide layout from gridlines and benchmarks provided/approved by Contractor. Coordinate with Concrete and Steel Subcontractors for layout requirements.
Clean and remove from site all debris and unsatisfactory materials generated from this scope of work.
Provide containment for mortar and grout wash-out. Location for wash out will be provided on site.
Provide dust control, street cleaning, barricades, and flagging as required for the scope of work of this Subcontract per Nye County Air Quality requirements and Contractor requirements.
Utilize wet saw for all CMU cutting/grinding required to minimize dust created.
Prior to start of work, provide approved, dated, and detailed reinforcing steel shop drawings showing sequencing and all areas of work.
Submit masonry control joint layout and elevation shop drawings for approval.
Provide temporary protection against weather and cure masonry materials as required.
Clean, point up, and repair if required, all masonry work as required for application of final finishes by others.
Provide all hoisting for masonry materials and rebar systems.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK