SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #023 Fencing & Gates

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

Complete all Fencing & Gates Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 32 31 13 – Chain Link Fences and Gates

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 03 30 00 – Cast-In-Place Concrete
Division 31 – Earthwork

Scope of Work – Fences & Gates – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all Chain Link Fencing and Gates including sleeves, posts, locking devices, bracing, collars, caps, and finish as specified and required to provide a complete scope of work.
Include new fencing where drawings show existing to remain.
Supply and install Pedestrian Access Gates, as indicated and specified.
Supply and install Vehicular Access Gates (pairs), as indicated and specified.
Supply and install all gate Hardware as specified and required, including heavy duty hinges, cane bolts, and sleeves.
Supply and install all fence framework, fabric, and accessories as required.
Provide fencing & gate finishes as specified.
See A1-20 for Gate Schedule and details.
Provide footings including excavation, backfill, concrete, sleeves, anchors, coring if required, layout, touch-up, and clean-up for these scopes of work. Top of footings shall be below finished grade.
Adjust gate hardware to obtain smooth operation.
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Compliance with applicable ADA requirement
All shop and field fabrication, materials and installation shall comply with all governing codes, referenced standards, regulations, guidelines and manufacturer’s instructions.
Receive, offload, handle, store and place all related materials and equipment.
Provide an on-site representative at the time of delivery to confirm condition and receipt of all products and equipment.
To avoid coring, coordinate with Contractor and Concrete Subcontractor for the installation of any sleeves or footings required for this scope of work.  If posts and footings are started prior to their scheduled times, any required coring will be the responsibility of this Subcontractor.
Coordinate with Contractor, and Wet Utilities and Electrical Subcontractors for location of all underground piping and conduit prior to installation of fence and gate post foundations.
Remove and legally dispose of all dirt spoils generated by this scope of work.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work during working hours per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Repair all related work at completion of project as needed prior to acceptance.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 023.01-A – (ADD) – Fencing at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to install chain link fencing at Building 4 at abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), as indicated on sheet AD1.13, including coring existing slab-on-grade, epoxy grout, and all incidental items as required for a complete scope of work. See detail 2/AD1.15.

Alternate 023.01-B – (ADD) – Fencing at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to install chain link fencing at Building 4 at abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), as indicated on sheet AD1.16, including coring existing slab-on-grade, epoxy grout, and all incidental items as required for a complete scope of work. See detail 2/AD1.15.

Alternate 023.01-C – (ADD) – Propane Tank Enclosure Fencing at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to install chain link fencing around new propane tank 4 at abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), as indicated by keynote 18, sheet AD1.11, including (1) 4-foot-wide access gate with closure fork latch, chain and pad lock, footings and all incidental items as required for a complete scope of work.

Alternate 023.02 – (DEDUCT) – Salvage Chain Link Fencing at Where Able
State the amount to be deducted from Subcontractor's Proposal to salvage existing chain link fencing at High School where fencing system is in good condition (to be confirmed in field with Contractor).

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK