SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #085 Warming Kitchen Food Service Equipment

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Warming Kitchen Food Service Equipment Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 11 40 00 – Foodservice Equipment

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Division 22 – Plumbing
Division 23 – Heating Ventilating and Air Conditioning
Division 26 – Electrical

Scope of Work – Warming Kitchen Food Service Equipment – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all Contractor-Furnished, Contractor-Installed (CFCI) Food Service Equipment per plans, equipment schedule, and related items as indicated and specified, including:
Reach in refrigerators.
Stainless steel items, including jambs at overhead serving doors.
Stainless steel worktables and slotted wall shelves.
Includes supply and installation of stainless steel pass-thru countertop at Concessions window 106A, including all plywood substrate, bracing, and backing as detailed and required. See section detail 3/A7.10 for requirements.
Stainless steel sinks, including three (3)-compartment and hand sink, are salvaged and installed by others (not a part of this scope of work).
Coordinate with Electrical Subcontractor for equipment connection requirements.
Install only all Owner-Furnished, Contractor-Installed (OFCI) Food Service Equipment per plans, equipment schedule, and related items as indicated and specified, including:
Microwave Ovens.
Four-Tier Storage Racks.
Provide all anchors, fasteners, and sealants required to provide a complete scope of work.
Provide final adjustments, start up, and training as specified.
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents for seismic requirements. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
The Project has a Class D Seismic Design Category; Seismic Importance Factor: 1.0.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required, including Health Department inspections.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Completed installation shall comply with Health Department requirements and inspections.
Subcontractor shall employ a licensed electrician to complete all electrical work, if any, related to the Food Service Equipment, other than final connections indicated on the electrical plans.
Coordinate work of this subcontract with HVAC, Plumbing, and Electrical Subcontractors.
Coordinate backing requirements with Contractor and Framing Subcontractor.
All materials shall comply with flame spread ratings as required; provide manufacturers certifications for all materials.
Submit product information including samples of materials and colors to be selected by the Owner.
Verify dimensions by field measurement prior to fabrication and indicate measurements on Shop Drawings.
Subcontractor shall receive, offload, inventory, and store materials when delivered to jobsite.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 085.01 – (ADD) – Menu Display Case
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install exterior mounted Menu Display Case, including all anchors and fasteners as required for a complete installation.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK