SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #016 Landscaping & Irrigation

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Landscaping & Irrigation Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 32 – Exterior Improvements (as pertains to this scope of work)

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Division 31 – Earthwork
Division 32 – Exterior Improvements

Scope of Work – Irrigation – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install all irrigation valves, quick couplers, valve boxes, valve identification, and all other components required for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications.
Ensure watertight point of connection at existing irrigation mainline.
Supply and install all irrigation mainline, sleeves, piping, tubing, headers, fittings, drip lines, inline drip headers, rotor heads, pop-up heads, quick coupling valve assemblies, sprinklers, emitters, and bubblers.
Includes connecting irrigation systems at all trees along South edge of running track.
Furnish sleeve layout prior to finish sitework for coordination purposes. Supply and install all sleeving for irrigation lines and/or irrigation controller wire as necessary.
Provide trenching, hard dig, excavation, bedding, backfill, compaction, shoring and temporary protection for all irrigation systems pertaining to this scope of work, as required and in compliance with OSHA standards.
Ensure work complies with conditions of existing irrigation warranties, if warranties are in place for existing irrigation systems and equipment.

Scope of Work – Ground Treatments – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Apply weed control as specified.

Scope of Work – Temporary Tree Protection – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install temporary watering for the retained trees until permanent irrigation lines are installed.
Supply and install temporary tree protection fencing as required along South edge of running track.
Add 40 manhours for unforeseen irrigation repairs and temporary watering.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide all tests and certifications required for complete and operational systems.
Provide a qualified representative onsite for all tests and inspections as required.
Subcontractor is responsible for scheduling testing and walking with inspectors to get systems signed off for final approval.
Provide certifications from manufacturers and governing authorities as required.
Coordinate layout of landscape and irrigation work with other Subcontractors to eliminate conflicts, and ensure flush installation with finished work as required.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Clean and maintain trucking access routes for all equipment, including street sweeping as required for this scope of work only.
Clean and remove from site all debris and unsatisfactory materials generated from this scope of work.  Incorporate or legally dispose of all soil spoils generated by this scope of work and work; all excess spoils to be disposed of lawfully at completion of work. No stockpiling will be permitted.
Include multiple mobilizations, import/export, and haul/disposal activities as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents, including any hard digging due to rock or caliche removal. In the event of conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 016.01 – (DEDUCT) – COMBINE with Bid Package #022 Synthetic Turf Sports Field
State the amount to be deducted from Subcontractor's Proposal if awarded this scope of work and Scope of Work #022 Synthetic Turf Sports Field. Subcontractor shall review Scope of Work #022 and complete the corresponding Proposal (Bid) Form under separate submission. (NOTE: Proposals provided for both this Scope of Work #016 and for Scope of Work #022 shall reflect the full value of the respective scopes of work. This alternate is to provide a discount for being awarded multiple scopes of work.)

Alternate 016.02 – (ADD) – Decorative Rock Ground Cover
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install decorative rock ground cover at East side of track, including all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work.
Coverage shall include all re-graded areas to the East of new track (see Grading Plans).
Contractor to provide sample of decorative rock for approval.
Landscape Subcontractor to accept substrate prior to installation.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK