SCOPE OF WORK
PROPOSAL PACKAGE #074 Building & Fire Protection Specialties

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Building & Fire Protection Specialties Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 10 21 00 – Toilet Compartments
Section 10 26 00 – Wall and Corner Protection
Section 10 28 00 – Toilet, Bath, and Laundry Accessories
Section 10 44 13 – Fire Protection Cabinets

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements
Division 09 – Finishes

Scope of Work – Toilet Partitions & Accessories – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Provide and install all Toilet Partitions and Urinal Screens as indicated and specified in the Contract Documents, complete with all associated bracing, finish hardware, mounting brackets, trim pieces, anchorage, fasteners, seats, and accessories required for a turnkey installation.
Ensure partitions meet current NFPA 286 fire rating code and comply with required flame spread ratings.
Provide and install all scheduled Toilet Accessories, including but not limited to:
(5 ea) Grab bar sets
(11 ea) Mirror
(6 ea) Sanitary napkin disposal
(9 ea) Robe hook – partition mounted
(3 ea) Robe hook – door mounted
(1 ea) Mop rack
(1 ea) Collapsible changing station
(8 ea) Trash Receptacles
Install all Owner Furnished, Contractor Installed (OFCI) Toilet Accessories, including but not limited to:
(12) Toilet Tissue Dispenser
(5 ea) Paper Towel Dispenser
( 9 ea) Soap Dispenser
Provide all necessary mounting hardware, adhesives, trim pieces/escutcheons and other incidental items required for a complete installation of toilet accessories.
Installation locations and elevations of all accessories to be installed in accordance with the contract documents and with all applicable ADA guidelines.
Lockable accessories to be provided keyed alike with the specified number of spare keys turned over at completion of the project.
Scope of Work – Fire Extinguishers & Cabinets – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Provide and install all certified Fire Extinguishers & Fire Extinguisher Hangers (3 ea), as indicated in the contract documents.
Installation to be complete with all accessories and fasteners, in accordance with Contract Documents and submittals.
Supply and install (1 ea) Knox Box.
Supply and install (1 ea) Key Cabinet, and (1 ea) Wall Safe.
Installation locations and elevations of all accessories to be installed in accordance with the contract documents and with all applicable ADA guidelines.
Lockable cabinets and boxes to be provided keyed alike with the specified number of spare keys turned over at completion of the project.
Scope of Work – Miscellaneous Building & Accessories – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Supply and install (8 ea) Corner Guards as indicated and specified, including continuous retainer, cover, bumper, and all hardware and accessories.
Installation locations and elevations of all accessories to be installed in accordance with the contract documents and with all applicable ADA guidelines.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Provide Shops Drawings for toilet and urinal partitions and coordinate layout with the Contract Documents. All materials and installation shall comply with all governing codes regulations and guidelines, including applicable ADA guidelines.
Comply with the requirements of the Geotechnical Report and Contract Documents for seismic requirements. In the event of a conflict in requirements between the documents, the most stringent requirement shall prevail.
The Project has a Class D Seismic Design Category; Seismic Importance Factor: 1.0.
All materials to comply with flame spread ratings as specified; provide manufacturers certifications for materials.
Installation and materials shall comply with all applicable governing codes regulations and guidelines.
Coordinate with Contractor and Framing Subcontractor for all recessed openings/cutouts, backing and blocking requirements for partitions and accessories scopes of work.
Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 074.01 – (ADD) – ADD Lockers
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to supply and install Flagpoles as indicated and per Scope of Work #077 Lockers.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK