SCOPE OF WORK
PACKAGE #002 Abatement & Building Wrecking

PRECEDENCE

The trade partner Proposer submitting on this Scope of Work Proposal Package acknowledges receipt and review of this document, understands the Work and Expectations set forth under this agreement, and agrees to the terms and conditions thereof.  This document is intended to compliment the Contract Documents, however, in the event of any inconsistency, the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents), shall govern.

SCHEDULE

Refer to the published schedule with the Notice of Request for Proposals (RFP) for pertinent start, end, and critical milestone dates for work associated with this proposal package.  It is expected that the Proposer shall provide all necessary labor, material, and equipment to meet the published schedule durations as part of the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value.  Should the Proposer feel that this published duration is not optimal and believe that a more cost-efficient duration option is available, CORE Construction (“Contractor”) encourages the Proposer to include this information and cost savings value as a Voluntary Alternate on the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

REASONABLE INFERENCE / GURANTEED MAXIMUM PRICE PROPOSAL

This delivery method requires a Guaranteed Maximum Price (GMP).  No change orders will be issued for work that is clearly identified, or can be reasonably inferred from the Contract Documents (Plans, Specifications, and Supplemental Documents).  Reasonable inference is subject to industry best practice standards and experience.  If the Proposer is concerned with what may or may not be construed as Reasonable Inference, Contractor highly recommends issuing a Request for Information clarifying the matter.  Exclusion of this clause may be grounds for disqualification of the subcontractor’s proposal.

EXISTING CONDITIONS

The site is currently active and is not available to Proposers without coordination with Contractor.  Do not contact the client / end users for access to the site.  Contractor has published reference documentation on existing conditions of the proposed site at the FTP site.  These documents may include subsurface utility locating maps, ground penetrating radar maps, potholing reports, as-built documents, drone videos / images, laser scans, photos, etc.  If there is any specific information about existing conditions that is required to finalize the value of the scope of work proposal package, Contractor encourages issuing a Request for Information identifying the necessary data.

If information that is needed to finalize the proposal value is unavailable at the deadline for proposals, include the value as an Allowance, clearly identified in the Voluntary Alternates section of the Proposal (“Bid”) Form.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS

The Construction Documents to be used in developing pricing for this proposal package can be found here:

BuildingConnected,
If you need access, please contact CORE’S Team member

Documents included are as follows: Plans, Specifications, Geotechnical Report(s), Asbestos Report(s), Contractor’s Notice of Request for Proposals, Preliminary Construction Schedule, Sample Subcontract Agreement, Insurance Requirements, Textura Information, General Trade Partner Requirements, Scopes of Work Proposal Packages, Subcontractor Proposal (“Bid”) Form, Affidavit(s), Addenda and Clarifications (if issued), Supplemental (Reference) Documents.

SCOPE OF WORK

Subcontractors shall include in their Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package.  Items not clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the Subcontractor’s Work are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value.

Complete all Abatement & Building Wrecking Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Primary Specifications
Section 02 41 00 – Building Demolition
Section 02 81 00 – Transportation and Disposal of Misc. Hazardous Materials

Related Specifications
Division 00 – Bidding Requirements, Contract Forms, and Conditions of the Contract
Division 01 – General Requirements
Section 02 41 00 – Building Demolition
Division 31 – Earthwork

Scope of Work – Hazardous Material Remediation (Abandoned Elementary School)  – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Removal and lawfully dispose of hazardous building materials at abandoned elementary school (Idaho Circle), including all trucking and disposal fees.
Include demolition of interior finishes, materials, equipment, and building components, as required to gain access to hazardous materials requiring remediation.  Include all pre-abatement demolition work including removal, off-haul, and disposal to legal landfill location(s).  Pay for all permitting and fees for same.  Include all necessary dumpsters, debris boxes, and containers.
Provide stabilization to LBP’s if required for removal.
Comply with all AHJ and OSHA requirements, as well as requirements outlined in the Pre-Demolition
Asbestos Survey prepared by Environmental Inspection & Control Services (EICS), dated October 3, 2023, and in the Asbestos Management Plan for the Nye County School District, dated January 4, 2022, issued by Nye County School District,
Provide, manage, maintain, and remove all protocol containment, negative pressurization, and HEPA vacuum systems, as required.

Scope of Work – Building Wrecking (Abandoned Elementary School) – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to:
Demolish and remove existing Building Structures, materials, equipment, and building system components as indicated at abandoned elementary school (Idaho Circle).
Slabs-on-grade to remain.
Cast-in-place concrete basement retaining wall to remain at Building 4 as indicated.
Includes removal of all plumbing, mechanical, and electrical equipment disconnected by others.
Demolish and remove existing wooden shed and floor structure at Building 4, as indicated.
Cut and remove existing exterior wood posts at Building 5, as indicated.
Remove and salvage existing exterior steel canopy posts at Building 5, as indicated.
Coordinate with Contractor for removal, protection, and storage of steel canopy posts to be re-installed (by others).
Demolish and remove exterior walkway canopies as indicated.
Include all sawcutting as necessary to complete this scope of work.
Cut all reinforcing and conduits flush with slabs-on-grade to remain, as indicated and detailed.

Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to all Work under this Scope of Work package:
Obtain demolition permit(s), if required by AHJ.
Include all provisions for confined space work as may be required.
Provide dust control for all operations related to this scope of work per Nye County Air Quality requirements.
Clean and maintain trucking access routes for all equipment, including street sweeping as required for this scope of work only.
Coordinate with Contractor to ensure demolition areas have been cleared by Hazardous Materials Remediation Subcontractor prior to start of work.
Coordinate with Utility, Plumbing, Mechanical, and Electrical Subcontractors to ensure utilities are capped/made-safe prior to demolition of utilities within building envelope.
Coordinate with Contractor for removal, protection, and storage of all items, materials, and equipment to be returned to Owner or Contractor, and/or to be re-used or re-installed.
Provide all necessary finishes protection required for demolition procedures at the perimeter of demolition area(s).
Provide all trash dumpsters for this scope of work as may be required.
Haul off and legally dispose of all waste generated by this scope of work.
Immediately cease work and coordinate with Contractor for remediation and disposal of any unidentified hazardous materials encountered during course of this work.
Include multiple mobilizations and haul/disposal activities as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule and Phased Logistics Plan.

RFI’s must be submitted via the message function in Building Connected.
 

ALTERNATES

The following alternates are identified in the Contract Documents or are Specifically Requested by Contractor through this Scope of Work Proposal Package.

Alternate 002.01 – (UNIT RATE) – Transite or Asbestos-Containing Piping
State the unit rate (per linear foot) to remove and lawfully dispose of transite or asbestos-containing piping, if encountered.

Alternate 002.02 – (ADD) – Demolition & Site Clearing at Abandoned Elementary School Campus
State the amount to be added to Subcontractor's Proposal to perform all site clearing and selective site demolition at
the abandoned elementary school campus (Idaho Circle), including:
Sawcut and remove all concrete paving as shown on the drawings for removal, including steps-on-grade and equipment pads as indicated and required.
Provide tree removal, including stump grinding and removal, as indicated and required.
Demolish and remove landscaping, including shut off of irrigation and sprinklers and/or main water line, as indicated.
Remove and dispose of existing chain link fencing and gates, handrails, playground equipment, and basketball hoops and posts, including all footings.
Fill open stem wall CMU cells with dirt as indicated and required (1/AD1.15).
Provide rough site grading at completion of demolition activities, including backfilling all footing holes and excavated trenches with native materials, as required.
Remove and haul off existing propane tank and associated piping scheduled for demolition.
Coordinate with Electrical Subcontractor for safe-off of feeders from transformer to demolished buildings. Remove, haul and dispose of feeders (outside of footprint of demolished buildings) scheduled for demolition.
Cap abandoned water line as required.
Protect in place all items to remain.
Provide dust control for all work at this site.
Provide traffic control plans, traffic control, flagging and barricades for offsite activities as required for this scope of work only. Apply for and obtain any required offsite excavation and/or traffic control permits required for the scope of work of this Subcontract.
Provide dust palliative as indicated at completion of work at this site.

TRADE PARTNER VOLUNTARY ALTERNATES

The Proposer may choose to include any number of voluntary additive and/or deductive alternates to the Base (“Bid”) Proposal Value submitted and the Alternates identified above.  These Voluntary Alternates can be utilized for the purposes of, but not limited to, value engineering, product substitution, scope of work clarification/deviation, identifying Allowances for unknown criteria, etc.  All Voluntary Alternates should be supported by applicable documentation, substantiating the basis of the scope/value/product/etc., at the time of bid, or should be noted to follow within 24 hours.

DISCLAIMER

The client and CORE Construction reserve the right to accept or reject any or all proposals and to waive irregularities in the proposal process and to accept any proposal which is determined by the client and CORE Construction to be in their best interests.

END OF SCOPE OF WORK