
===== PAGE 1 =====
1
Jairo GomezFacio
From:
CA Bleachers <sales@californiableachers.com>
Sent:
Friday, May 29, 2026 9:54 AM
To:
Jairo GomezFacio
Cc:
Michael De La Torre
Subject:
NCSD THS Field & Demo – California Bleachers Descope
Hello Jairo, 
 
Michael sent me these responses to your questions. He's been out the past couple of days on a personal 
matter. If you have any questions regarding these responses, Michael will be in on Monday.  
 
Confirm the press box finishes are per specs 
Response: Cannot provide insulated aluminum panels for walls. Walls will be vinyl faced sheetrock. 
 
Provide pricing to add fencing and a gate behind and to the sides of the bleachers.  
Response: $5,500 
 
Provide footing detail for the press box.  
Response: Footings can be per plan (buried under slab) but would suggest to be 6' x 6' x 15'' thick 
 
Confirm if the low-volt and power wire/conduit are included with the press box. 
Response: no low-volt wire provided. Data drops, Pa controls, and score board interface will be through floor stub out in 
front wall (junction box). 
 
 
Best Regards, 
Kevin De La Torre 
Office:(951)-845-6000 
Follow Us On | Web | Facebook | Instagram 
607 Luis Estrada Rd. | Beaumont, CA 92223 
To help protect your privacy, Microsoft Office prevented automatic download of this picture from the Internet.
 
 
 
Insulation in side the walls. 
Steel frame box 
26 gauge sheet metal 
R13 insulation in the walls 
Includes Vinyl faced sheet rock as interior finish 
Includes ceiling is R19 finish 
Includes Flooring is R19 insulation
Includes footing and structure engineering 
Roof is a 1/8th inch steel plate 
Elastomeric coating for water proofing 
All the seams are welded together 
Exterior panels are welded down to support members (Corrugated panels)
Only penetration will be at the roof for outlets on roof 
Assume all penetrations to be brought up from the floor. 
No slab is required 
Assume 6 footings at 6'x6'x15" 
Assume 3 penetration through the roof 
Roof hatch and access ladder is included 
Electrical - Includes junctions boxes in the front wall (in the wall) 
Includes panel board (Assume 100 amp panel)
Includes all interior lighting, fixtures and switches (includes wire) 
Provide power requirements  
Includes through wall AC/Heater unit 
Low Volt - Included in the floor junction box stub up 
Lead time - 10 week lead time assume June 2027 install 
2 day install assume crane and structure is ready 
Excluded crane 
Sequence of press box and bleacher can be coordinated 
(Press box to be installed first)
-JG 6/1/2026
