
===== PAGE 1 =====
1
Jairo GomezFacio
From:
Jon Wayne Nielsen <jwn@buildmonuments.com>
Sent:
Friday, May 15, 2026 3:50 PM
To:
Jon Cox; Derek Rosse; Avery Hacker; Jairo GomezFacio
Subject:
RE: NCSD THS Field & Demo: Monument Homework
Follow Up Flag:
Follow up
Flag Status:
Flagged
Jon, 
 
We requested an mix design from the available sources but it hasn't come back to us yet.  I can provide that as it comes in, 
but will answer the others for you now. 
 
1.  Haul off quantity:  First let me clarify, our bid includes all of the haul off and import necessary to deliver the project at the 
design grades.  Monument's offer takes the whole grading scope without change orders or volume claims.  I even hesitate 
to answer and tie our offer to a limited volume.  Our responsiblity ends at acceptance not a load count.   
 
I estimated grading 8" across all of the areas designated, generating 5,555.81 CY of haul off.  I started to diminish that 
volume for the roads and dirt parking lot which should not require hauloff if managed well, then I left it to supplement the 
difficult trash situation in Tonopah.  I left the extra trucking in to carry out the concrete and building spoils.  Monument 
secured a location to haul off all of the earthen spoils, but did not have a commitment on the rest.  However, since I 
considered the entire area, I have sufficient estimated to truck out the other debris associated with the broad grading 
scope.  
 
 
2.  Paving the road.  Our original bid includes Type II for the road.  Since we already mobilized we can add 2" on top of the 
road from saw cut to the valley gutter and the area in front of the building (approximately 26K SF) for $122,788.00. 
 
3.  We requested 4" and 2" pavement mix designs from the nearest supplier.  We also wanted to vet that with our track 
surfacing partner.  Please allow more time. 
 
4. Foundation excavations:  I did not include foundation digging.  We will rough grade the area.  We included all excavation 
for foundations in our concrete estimate per 1.c.iv of that scope of work.  We intended to have a mini-x up there for 
demolition. We can negotiate excavation and likely discount concrete if combined with adjacent scopes. 
 
5. Monument confirms we used the provided wage rates.  Since our meeting, we compared those and the Clark County 
rates and found no differences for our classifications. 
 
Yesterday we focused much of our discussion sorting our estimates into CORE's packages.  It was hard to set expectations 
while coordinating these packages in a new way.  Monument included everything CORE wrote into the scopes but also 
included the obvious connections between those scopes.  For example, we knew our utility connections include components
by others which we had to work out.  However, many sports contractors may not want to work together with every partner 
available to CORE. These same companies compete too regularly.  My first goal is great partnerships.  I can't resolve every 
grudge, but we offer to negotiate any adjacent package until we are competitive for CORE and its Client.   
 
Thank you for your time. 
 


===== PAGE 2 =====
2
MONUMENT CONSTRUCTION 
 
Jon Wayne Nielsen              
 
Cell: 702.576.5210            Office: 702.530.2303 
7787 Eastgate Road #110 Henderson, NV 89011 
WWW.BUILDMONUMENTS.COM 
To help protect your privacy, Microsoft Office prevented automatic download of this picture from the Internet.
 
AZ  328669     CA B 948735     NV B 0075502 UNLIMITED    NV A 0080649 UNLIMITED    UT B100# 113632903-5501 
 
 
