
===== PAGE 1 =====
PROPOSAL www.tahoefence.com
==
th a, GB
FENCE CO. INC.
CA LIC # 305682 (UNLIMITED) « NV LIC # 53722A ($1,200,000)
36 BROWN DRIVE » MOUND HOUSE, NEVADA 89706 Kroo: Dawn Dusmolerna
(775) 862-1063 « TOLL FREE 1-800-332-2822
Submitted to__C_aee Consteuernon Phone No. 2) TEZ TAH: aS5S0
For Property at_WCSDB Tovoean Hoan Scuose Prep C) TOR UG. OS60
WE PROPOSE TO: Mail to:
INSTALL AT YOUR PROPERTY A FENCE OR dawnduranleau, @ Core construction ;COMm,
| DO THE FOLLOWING DESCRIBED WORK
REP SL TJ ee eS—— 1 Sas ne Se Se |
Gree COR -12 Gs) Tr 16 Y ) : a TALL [~ (261) x may 4¢ Los Lec. 1 ee | | |
my Reese sk ea Peer
(1) Hosmemenroos | Decal 200% |_| HH |
Pree A co
es a ae al ‘ib | ema = a i | |
a | H HH | tH
1 — —. 1 -+— | ——j—__j—_} | | =
PERMIT NOT INCLUDED UNLESS OTHERWISE INDICATED 1/3 DOWN & BALANCE UPON COMPLETION
TAHOE FENCE CO., INC. PROPOSES to furnish and install fencing (cr materials only) in accordance with the 1/2 DOWN ON CUSTOM ORDERS AND NO RETURNS
terms and conditions as listed. The fence line and grade are to be located by the property owner. AGREED PRICE INSTALLED $ AON
CUSTOMER ASSUMES FULL RESPONSIBILITY FOR LOGATION OF FENCE and bcd to, at customer's
sole expense, defend and hold Tahoe Fence Co., Inc, harmless respecting claims of encroachment, claims
of damage to underground facilities, and/or any other claims brought on account of the work herein above MATERIAL ONLY —————
described. Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. is not responsible for any county, city, and CC&R Codes and regulations
regarding selbacks, heights, and variances. INITIAL:
Price of installation is based on the entire job being done at one time. If on account of changes made by PLEASE READ CAREFULLY AND
customer the crew has to make more than one trip, the extra charge covering such expense will be made. RETURN SIGNED COPY IF ACCEPTED
All changes must be made in writing. quotation subject to change after 30 days.
By: — Merrow Accepted By:
Subject to additional Terms & Conditions on reverse side
Date: Suse 2026 Date:


===== PAGE 2 =====
TERMS & CONDITIONS
IMPORTANT—PLEASE READ
Once the CUSTOMER signs this agreement or makes a down payment, this is a binding legal contract between the CUSTOMER and
Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. Be sure you have read and thoroughly understand all the terms and conditions of this agreement, then sign,
and return the agreement to Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. with any down payment that may be required. Work cannot and will not begin until
this agreement is signed and the down payment is made.
CUSTOMER AGREES to pay for said fence in full upon completion. Further, customer acknowledges and agrees that, in the event the
collection of customer’s payment obligation is hereunder placed in the hands of an attorney, customer shall pay attorney's fees and
court costs thereby necessitated. A FINANCE CHARGE is computed by a periodic rate of 1 1/2% per month, which is an annual rate
of 18% applied to the previous balance after deducting current payments and/or credits appearing on the monthly statement. Tahoe
Fence shall retain a possessory interest in all fencing materials until Tahoe Fence receives payment in full of all outstanding monies by
Purchaser, as outlined in this Agreement and as acknowledged by the Parties. Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. may remove said materials even
if attached to building, and may retain any sum theretofore paid as rental; and in such default customer agrees to pay the reasonable
cost of installing and removing fences, and reasonable attorney’s fee and cost of collection.
Any disputes arising out of this Agreement will be governed by the laws of the State of Nevada. Furthermore, all parties agree that the
forum to bring disputes arising out of this Agreement shall be the 1st Judicial District Court of the State of Nevada, including alternative
dispute resolution programs (mediation and arbitration) that reside within the 1st Judicial District.
CONDITIONS OF INSTALLATION
Nevada State Law and California State Law require that before any excavation work can be done that U.S.A (Underground Service
Alert) be contacted at 811 or 1 (800) 642-2444.
Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. agrees to make the installation in a workmanlike manner and furnish all labor. If the installation is a fence,
such fence is to follow the GROUND LINE, unless otherwise provided for in the contract. Obstructions of every nature which in any
way interfere with the installation shall be removed or protected by the owner prior to commencing work. Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. shall
exercise all care, but accepts no responsibility for damaged property in the immediate vicinity of areas worked. This includes, but
is not limited to landscaping, vegetation, utilities, irrigation, yard ornaments, etc. All line and grade-stakes are to be established by
thi kh INITIAL:
As most fences are outside structures, they are exposed to the elements. Heat, moisture, snow, and wind are acts of nature and their
_ effects on materials cannot be predicted, prevented, or warranted. Tahoe Fence Co., Inc.'s wood materials are sold to customer in a
rough and green condition as received by the manufacturer unless otherwise noted. Tahoe Fence Co., Inc. does not warrant against
checking, cracking, discolorations, shrinking, splintering, streaking, swelling, twisting, or warping as it is beyond our control. Knots,
splits and other imperfections are normal with fence grade materials. Expect the fence to have these natural flaws. Nearly perfect
materials are available but at a much higher price. Notify us immediately if you want this type of material. Iron, steel, and vinyl products
are received from the manufacturer as is. Any discolorations or alterations in shades of color, or variations in product styles, are
beyond the control of Tahoe Fence. Also, touch ups in the field may not match exactly. Slight variations in color are to be expected.
INITIAL:
This is a binding legal contract between both parties. Be sure you have read and thoroughly understand all the terms and conditions,
then sign and return to us along with any down payment that may be required.
The provisions on NRS 108.245, a part of the mechanics’ and materialmen’s lien law of the State of Nevada, require, for your
information and protection from hidden liens, that each person or other legal entity who supples materials to or performs work on a
construction project, other than the one who performs only labor, deliver to the owner a notice of the materials and equipment
supplied or the work performed. You may receive these notices in connection with the construction project which you propose to
undertake. INITIAL:
.. RESIDENTIAL CONSTRUCTION RECOVERY FUND
Payment may be available from the recovery fund if you are damaged financially by a project performed on your residence pursuant
to a contract, including construction, remodeling, repair or other improvements, and the damage resulting from certain specified
violations of Nevada law by a contractor licensed in this state. To obtain information relating to the recovery fund and filing a claim for
recovery from the recovery fund, you may contract the State Contractor’s Board at the following locations:
State Contractor's Board State Contractor's Board
9670 Gateway Drive, Suite 100 2310 Corporate Circle, Suite 200
Reno, NV 89521 Henderson, NV 89074
Telephone (775) 688-1141 Telephone (702) 486-1100
