
===== PAGE 1 =====
                                             800 Hall Street  ■ Ely, Nevada 89301 ■ (775)-389-9799 
 
 
 pg. 1 
 
 
Rosevear Surveying & Consulting 
 
 
May 12, 2026 
 
Dawn Duranleau, AIA, CCM, LEED GA 
PreConstruction Manager 
 
 
EXHIBIT A 
 
Re: NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex Construction Staking - Tonopah, Nevada. 
 
Rosevear Surveying & Consulting is pleased to submit for your review this proposal to provide 
professional services for your project.  Please review the services carefully and Rosevear 
Surveying & Consulting will make revisions that you feel are appropriate and adjust the fees 
accordingly. 
 
 
Rosevear Surveying & Consulting (RSC) will provide surveying services as follows:  
 
SCOPE OF WORK 
RSC shall include in our Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, 
equipment, supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. 
necessary or incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package. Items not 
clearly shown on the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable 
from the contract documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of RSC’s work 
are to be included in the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value. 
 
Complete all Surveying & Staking Work in accordance with the plans and specifications in 
conformity with the contract, and other documents listed in the RFP and this Scope of Work 
Proposal Package. 
 
Related Specifications 
Division 00 – Procurement and Contracting Requirements 
Division 01 – General Requirements 
Section 32 – Site Improvements 
 
1. Scope of Work – Survey – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision for a 
complete scope of 
work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but not be limited to: 
a. Perform all required calculations to create staking plan for all layout work from provided CAD 
background files. 
b. Verify horizontal and vertical control points for surveying purposes. 
c. Provide all control survey work for the entire project including verification of all horizontal and 
vertical controls, and (3) control points for GPS. 
d. Provide and maintain all onsite control points and benchmarks. 
e. Verify existing tie-in grades match grading plans. 
f. Verify existing offsite elevation matches CAD file provided by Civil Engineer. Notify Contractor 
of findings within the first two (2) weeks following Notice to Proceed (NTP). 
g. Provide record as-built survey document for new site wet and dry utilities. 


===== PAGE 2 =====
                                             800 Hall Street  ■ Ely, Nevada 89301 ■ (775)-389-9799 
 
 
 pg. 2 
h. At completion of project, provide Project Monument Survey, as required for NCSD. 
2. Scope of Work – Layout & Staking – Provide all materials, labor, equipment, and supervision 
for a complete scope of work per plans and specifications. This scope of work shall include, but 
not be limited to: 
a. Stake Contractor’s staging and parking area corners. 
b. Demolition and Rough Grade Staking 
i. Set demolition limits and site improvement grading. 
c. Utility Staking 
i. Domestic water lines including RPPA’s. 
ii. Irrigation water mains and RPPA. 
iii. Sanitary sewer system including mains, laterals, cleanouts, area drains, drain inlets, and 
manholes. 
iv. Storm sewer system, including mains, laterals, manholes, drop inlets, cleanouts, and 
manholes. 
1. Including synthetic turf and running track drainage systems. 
2. Including sand pit storm drainage systems. 
NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex 
v. Electrical & Low Voltage ductbanks, vaults, pedestals, transformers and site lighting, 
including sports field lighting. 
vi. Transformer. 
vii. Natural gas piping from meter location. 
viii. Any known existing or located underground systems or utilities not listed above, including 
but not limited to septic tanks, grease interceptors, etc. 
d. Building Staking 
i. Stake rough grade for building pads at corners and with 40' minimum grid layout as needed. 
ii. Redheads and blue top building pad staking. 
iii. Sawcuts for all curbs, gutters, and paving to be removed. 
iv. Provide Certified Building Pad documentation. 
v. Finished Floor monument and elevation certification. 
vi. Stake all building grid lines. 
vii. Vertical grid line transfer, to top of footings and on slab-on-grade. 
e. Paving Staking 
i. Provide redheads and bluetops at running track at 50’ intervals. 
ii. Stake finish grades for asphalt running track at 50’ intervals. 
iii. Final staking including curb and gutter, sidewalks and flatwork. 
f. Site Staking 
i. Stake rough grade staking for entire site at 100’ intervals. 
ii. Stake all site concrete including curbs, gutters, sidewalks, and equipment & utility pads. 
iii. Stake grade breaks, angle points, and curb transitions. 
iv. Stake site amenities, including: 
1. Running track. 
2. Synthetic Turf field 
3. Bleachers. 
4. Pressbox. 
5. Ticket booth. 
6. Scoreboard poles. 
7. Chain link fencing. 
8. Athletic equipment, including: 
a. Goal posts 
b. Pole vault 
c. Discus / shot put rings & toeboards 
d. Discus cage 
e. Long jump board 
f. Soccer goals 
9. Sports lighting. 
10. Flagpoles. 
g. Include as-builts / record of survey monuments. 
 
 


===== PAGE 3 =====
                                             800 Hall Street  ■ Ely, Nevada 89301 ■ (775)-389-9799 
 
 
 pg. 3 
3. Scope of Work – General Scope Requirements – The following requirements shall apply to 
all Work under this Scope of Work package: 
a. Provide Hourly Rate Breakdown. 
b. Include multiple mobilizations as may be required per the Preliminary Construction Schedule 
and Phased Logistics Plan. 
 
a. $155.00 Professional Land Surveyor. 
$105.0 Survey Technician. 
Supporting field crew staff hourly rates: 
$195.00 one-man crew Party Chief or Professional Land Surveyor. 
$295.00 two-man crew Professional Land Surveyor and Chain Man.” 
b. $2,450.00 per additional mobilization, to verify previous staking and control. 
 
RCS have estimated this task will take a minimum of 15 days onsite.  
RSC have assumed a ten-hour workday, which includes travel to and from the job site. Our 
intention is to work a minimum of six-hours on site for each trip. Trips where additional consecutive 
days are required, an eight-hour onsite day will be scheduled. Our assumption for additional work 
outside of scope or re-stake will be billed (T & M) against 3. a. specifications.” 
 
 
2026 - Base Bid - NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex                    Fee.  $36,750.00 
 
Fees quoted, include Base (“Bid”) Proposals the cost of providing all labor, material, equipment, 
supervision, services, taxes, insurances, license, fees, overhead, and profit, etc. necessary or 
incidentally required to complete the Work identified in this package. Items not clearly shown on 
the drawings or indicated in other contract documents but reasonably inferable from the contract 
documents or necessary to the integrity and proper functioning of the RSC Work are included in 
the Base (“Bid”) Proposal value. 
  
 
If you need additional information regarding this proposal, please feel free to call the undersigned 
at your earliest convenience. 
 
Sincerely 
Rosevear Surveying & Consulting 
 
 
 
Robert (Buzz) Rosevear, PLS, WRS – NV, UT  
Owner  
 
 
 
