
===== PAGE 1 =====
PLSPrewitt Land Surveying
Professional Land Surveying Services
803 Pebble Beach Drive, Boulder City, Nevada 89005                                                                                                      Phone: (702) 649-8790 (O) 
May 11, 2026 
Ms. Dawn Duranleau 
CORE Construction Services of Nevada 
7150 Cascade Valley Court 
Las Vegas, NV 89128 
Re:  Proposal for Surveying Services – Tonopah Sports Complex 
Dear Dawn: 
Prewitt Land Surveying (PLS) appreciates the opportunity to propose surveying services for this 
project. This project has been priced as a Prevailing Wage site Our proposal references the Civil 
and Architectural items as noted and is compliant with the Scope of Work Package #007, 
Surveying and Staking.  Our scope of services and pricing for the above-mentioned project is as 
follows: 
Surveying Services 
1) Calculations / Support / Field Control Work  
$ 9,800.00 
Perform calculations for creating staking control plans from digital and hardcopy drawings as 
prepared by Civil Engineer.  Staking plans will be created for each task, referenced below.  This 
task also includes the preparation and delivery of cut sheets and sketches of staked points for the 
contractor’s use. Establish sufficient control points in the immediate area to be staked. These 
points will be of sufficient number and field checked for integrity to ensure that staking 
tolerances will comply with the intent of the requested staking.   
2) Rough Grade Staking 
 
$ 17,600.00  
This service will include setting one (1) set of stakes referencing slopes, site grading, swales, 
roads, building pad and sports fields.  
3) Pad Blue tops and Certification   
$ 1,600.00 
This service includes setting blue tops for finished pad grade on the concession building pad.  A 
verification letter will be provided testifying to the correctness of grading.  
4) Utility Staking 
 
$ 4,950.00  
This service includes staking water, sewer, storm drain, dry utilities and electric lights to be 
constructed.  Sewer and storm drain will be staked at 50’ intervals with grades to invert of the 
utility.   Water will be staked at 50’ intervals and includes RPPA’s, DCDA’s and Fire Hydrants.  
Dry utility staking will consist of staking curb alignments to control the horizontal and vertical 
locations of lines, vaults, pedestals and transformers.   


===== PAGE 2 =====
PLSPrewitt Land Surveying
Professional Land Surveying Services
803 Pebble Beach Drive, Boulder City, Nevada 89005                                                                                                      Phone: (702) 649-8790 (O) 
May 11, 2026 
Re: Tonopah Sports Complex 
5) Final Staking 
$ 23,550.00 
This service includes one (1) set of track stakes at 25-foot intervals along curves and at 50-foot 
intervals along tangent lines.  This task includes staking for bleacher ADA’s, sport features (i.e. 
pole vault, shot put, discus, long jump, high jump, scoreboards, flagpole, goal posts, soccer 
goals), track text, track lines, track staggering stripes, field striping, logo and the press box.
6) Building Corner / Grid Line Staking 
 
$ 1,975.00 
This service includes one (1) set of stakes per building set at an appropriate offset (to be 
determined) to the building envelope to facilitate the foundation layout.  This task also includes 
on set of grid line stakes. 
7) Redhead and Bluetop Staking 
 
$ 8,500.00  
This service will consist of setting one (1) set of redhead and bluetop stakes for Type II 
placement on football field, track and sport areas. 
8) Fence and Gate Staking  
$ 5,450.00 
The service includes one (1) set of offset stakes referencing fencing and gate locations.  
Our price for this project is $ 73,425.00. 
Our services are for a one-time staking of this project with return or re-staking being charged on 
a Time and Materials basis as shown in our Prevailing Wage Fee Schedule. 
Sincerely, 
Thomas L. Prewitt, P.L.S., W.R.S. 
Owner 
INCLUDES:
•Field Light Poles
•Ticket Booth pad
- Janet Prewitt,
05/20/2026


===== PAGE 3 =====
EXHIBIT “A” 
EXCEPTIONS TO SCOPE OF SERVICES 
FOR 
TONOPAH SPORTS COMPLEX 
The above scope of work is predicated upon an understanding of the project.  The following items of work are 
expressly not included in this Scope of Services.  Prewitt Land Surveying (PLS) would be pleased to submit a 
proposal, or assist the Client in retaining the appropriate sub-consultant for the following items: 
1.
Final plans in hard copy and AutoCAD format will be provided to PLS for use in providing surveying 
services.  Otherwise, a proposal will be prepared to cover the cost of calculating the site from hardcopy 
plans. 
2.
Major design changes that may be required by the Client. 
3.
Survey proposal addresses Civil Improvements as prepared by the Engineer of Record.  Surveying does not 
reflect staking for the Landscape, Structural, Architectural or Mechanical portion of plans. 
4.
Design survey services. 
5.
Any other work not specifically included within the Scope of Services. 
6.
Staking for landscaping, hardscape and irrigation is excluded. 
7.
Staking for utilities, other than those described in the scope of services is excluded. 
8.
Staking for power service trunk and main lines to the site as typically prepared by Nevada Power are 
excluded. 
9.
It is the responsibility of the contractor and /or subcontractor to verify dimensions, distances between 
features and rectify/check positions with the horizontal control and grading plans. 
10.
All plan changes, revisions and modifications will be provided to PLS in the form of narrative description, 
plans and updated AutoCAD format drawings.  PLS will not accept responsibility to arbitrarily monitor 
FTP and plan upload sites without notification of revisions or modifications. 
11.
“As Built” Survey and Drawing Requirements are specifically excluded.  
12.
PLS assumed that the entire site will be available for staking when scheduled, additional mobilizations can 
be discussed to maximize services. 
13.
PLS requires a minimum of two-business day-advanced notice for the scheduling of field crews. 
14.
PLS reserves the right to amend our services and fees based on a thorough review of the approved plans. 
The construction stakes shall constitute the field control by, and in accordance with, which the contractor shall 
execute the work. The initial staking will be furnished per the contract scope.  After stakes and marks have been set 
it shall be the responsibility of the contractor and his employees to protect the stakes and marks against vandalism 
and /or destruction.  Re-staking will be performed as additional to the contract with a standard two-hour minimum.  
The client will be notified, in advance when applicable, for items deemed additional.  Change Order, Purchase Order 
or Work Order instrument will authorize all additional work in advance. 
