
===== PAGE 1 =====
Manufacturers of Quality Roll Up Doors & Related Products Since 1925                   CA Contractor Lic #574446 (C61)  NV Contractor Lic #40877 (C3)
Sales Representative:Rob Brooks
Cell:702-612-6294
Lawrence Doors - Las Vegas Branch
Office:702-737-8555 
Dawn Duranleau
Core Construction
7150 Cascade Valley Court
1 Ray Tennant Way
Las Vegas
NV
89128
702-794-0550
702-794-0953
NCSD Tonopah High School Sports Complex
dawnduranleau@coreconstruction.com
Tonopah
NV
89049
T B D
T B D
PLEASE NOTE: Due to rapidly changing costs from our vendors, we can no longer guarantee our proposed prices for 30 days as stated in other
areas of this proposal/estimate. All pricing must be re-verified at the time of order and is subject to change. Lead times shown are our best
estimate at this time and may change prior to an order being placed based upon material availability.
Furnish and install the following @ Doors 102B & 112: Concession Stand Building
Quantity (2) 8'-0" wide x 7-0 high Roll-up Shutters as manufactured by Rollok 
37 mm RC2 Insulated Aluminum Slats 
 
 
 
Track: Extruded aluminum, 2.125" wide
Hood covers & Fascias are included 
 
 
 
 
Shutters are surface mount to face of wall 
Shutters are manual operation              
Includes with Thumb turn on bottom bar to coil side
Shutter finish: Clear Anodized                             Padlock Eyelets on coil side bottom bar (padlocks excluded) 
Furnish and install the following: @ Door 106A: Concession Stand Counter
Quantity (1) 8'-0" wide x 4'-0" high Lawrence CDFP-PG Overhead Coiling Counter Door
22 Ga. Stainless Steel non-insulated Curtain.  
 Single Angle Stainless Steel Bottom Bar
Slide Locks on coil side bottom bar  
 
 24 Ga. Stainless Steel Hood  
Clear Anodized Aluminum Guides 
  10,000 Cycle Life
Top mount MGRL-3311E motor operator       1/3 HP, 115-volt, 1 Phase
Controls: (1) NEMA1 three button station  
 Sensing devise: None, constant pressure close 
Brake release for Emergency manual operation 
Clarifications: Clarifications1 & 2 and addemdum1 have been reviewed. This is an alternate to mfg. specified. Insulated
stainless steel curtain isn't available on counter doors. Deductions/ discounts are excluded for OCIP/ CCIP & bonds. Misc.
iron, sheet metal, flashing, caulking, shims, jamb supports, steel studs & steel tubes are excluded. All electrical work,
conduit, control mounting, low & high voltage wiring connects are excluded. Master keying of cylinder locks, additional keys,
padlocks, additional controls, seismic or structural calculations, field painting, ceiling work and access panels, Davis Bacon
wages, union labor and after-hours labor are excluded.
We are pleased to propose the following scope of work:
Discount for payment made by check or cash -$1,221.43
Proposed Price $36,119.43
To:
Company:
Phone:
Email:
Job Name:
Location:
Phone:
Contact:
Cell:
Email:
PNVRB26-5-105091
Proposal#:
Date Issued:05/08/2026
Prevailing Wage(Non-Union)
Discounted Price $34,898.00
Included
Delivery and Installation
Includes:
Sales Tax:
Labor Type:
Inclusions/Exclusions
Cell:
Fax:
Fax:
(Only if payment by check or cash)
Page 1 of 3
This proposal is valid for 30 days from date issued.
Corporate Office:
4525 Littlejohn St Baldwin Park CA 91706
Phone: 626-962-4163  Fax: 626-960-2063
Proposal #:
PNVRB26-5-105091
www.door911.com


===== PAGE 2 =====
Lead 
Payment Terms Net 10 Days (Upon Approval of Credit App)
time 4-7 weeks (currently)
702-612-6294
Exclusions:We exclude the following items (unless specifically included in the scope of work on this proposal):
Opening preparation, miscellaneous steel, steel tube supports, access panels; finish painting; counter tops, sills or thresholds; protection of our
products and work after installation for damage or loss resulting from other tradesmen or any other jobsite circumstance beyond our control;
mounting of control equipment (push button stations, etc.), coding of radio transmitters, field wiring of both controls and line voltage, conduit,
wire, disconnect switches or any other electrical work or material; smoke detectors or interconnection of fire doors to central alarm systems;
sawcutting of driveway or laying in and sealing of buried loop wires; welding performed by certified welders; permits and bonds; or other items
or work not specified to be included on within our Proposal scope.
 
Security Alarms: In the course of our work if existing security alarm connections are made to the door or gate that we are servicing we will
attempt to keep those connections undisturbed or place them back on the new door/gate in a similar fashion to how they had been placed
originally. However, should there be any issue with the alarm connections Lawrence Doors will not be responsible for the alarm operation and
the customer, at their own expense, should contact their alarm company to restore any alarm connections as needed.
Labor Provisions: Work is to be performed by installers provided by Lawrence Roll-Up Doors, Inc. at their regular rates of pay (unless
prevailing wages are indicated as included on this Proposal) during normal business hours Monday to Friday unless otherwise stated. Labor may
be subcontracted to another licensed subcontractor, which may include an owner/operator (whose compensation is in the form of draws that
meet or exceed prevailing wage rates, when applicable). Any and all references to union labor, wages, benefits, programs or other provisions
related to organized labor are excluded. Unrestricted use, free of obstructions, foot and vehicular traffic in the doorway, and a reasonable space
adjacent to the door opening must be assured to perform our work as agreed.
Insurance Coverage: If installation is provided, standard general liability and workers compensation insurance are included. Limits of insurance
coverage are as set forth in the Certificate of Insurance which will be provided upon request. Participation in any owner controlled insurance
program (OCIP) or other special program, special forms of coverage, coverage in excess of standard limits, or any other special requirements are
excluded unless they are specifically noted in the scope of this proposal.
Fire Doors: One functional drop test/inspection for Authority Having Jurisdiction is included with all newly installed fire doors. Should additional
testing become necessary, additional charges will be made on a time and material basis.
Terms and Conditions: Pricing is based upon all materials being shipped (and installed, if installation has been included) at the same time. All
work is to be performed during our normal business hours unless otherwise stated in the scope of work of this proposal. All new doors and
accessories carry a 1 year warranty for defects in materials and workmanship. Additional warranty terms apply. Unless credit terms are
established, a 50% deposit is required on all orders of custom made doors and products. The balance is due upon completion of the work
described. Pricing includes sales tax only if noted above. In the event that payment is not made within the terms above, the purchaser agrees to
pay the maximum legal rate of interest from the date the billing became due. In the event that legal actions are required to enforce the
payment terms of this agreement the purchaser agrees to pay all costs incurred relating to the collection and further acknowledges and agrees
that suit may be filed in Los Angeles County, California.
Shop Drawings/Submittals: Price includes one site visit to field check/measure finished openings (if installation has been included).
Submittals/Shop Drawings will be supplied if requested. Submittals are provided only as black and white reproductions of standard format shop
drawings on 8 ½”x11” or 11”x17” plain paper. Custom scale drawings, sepia prints, architect/engineer review/stamp or other special
requirements may also be available for an additional charge.
Lead Times: Lead times offered are estimated based upon our current backlog. Lead time may vary depending on when an order is actually
placed, deposit is received, submittals are approved, and openings are available for field check/measurement.
Product Finishes: All products are "prime coat" painted only unless specifically noted in this proposal. Prime coat describes a paint finish that is
primed and ready for a finish paint by others. It may include field applied touch ups of the factory finish. Products that are powder coated may
be touched up in the field if needed with a field applied liquid touch up paint.
Rob Brooks
rbrooks@door911.com
Please review the exclusions, labor provisions, insurance coverage, acceptance, and terms and
conditions shown on this proposal.
Accepted By(Sign)
Date
Cell:
Contractors License Number (If Applicable):
Not Included
Not Included
Bid Bond:
Performance Bond:
Lawrence Doors Exclusions/Terms and Conditions
Accepted By(Print)
Date
Submitted By:
Page 2 of 3
This proposal is valid for 30 days from date issued.
Corporate Office:
4525 Littlejohn St Baldwin Park CA 91706
Phone: 626-962-4163  Fax: 626-960-2063
Proposal #:
PNVRB26-5-105091
www.door911.com


===== PAGE 3 =====
Electrical Wiring: Unless specifically noted within this proposal, any required electrical wiring will be limited to the connection or reconnection
of low voltage wiring and specifically does not include wiring, fittings, conduits, disconnect switches or other electrical fixtures that may be
required.
Please refer to http://www.dasma.com/pubtechdata.asp for a variety of industry standards and information regarding the selection of and
standards for Rolling Steel Doors. Lawrence Roll Up Doors, Inc is a member of DASMA (Door and Access Systems Manufactures Association).
All contractors are required to be licensed. “Information about the Contractors’ State License Board (CSLB): CSLB is the state consumer
protection agency that licenses and regulates construction contractors. Contact CSLB for information about the licensed contractor you are
considering, including information about disclosable complaints, disciplinary actions, and civil judgments that are reported to CSLB. Use only
licensed contractors. If you file a complaint against a licensed contractor within the legal deadline (usually four years), CSLB has authority to
investigate the complaint. If you use an unlicensed contractor, CSLB may not be able to help you resolve your complaint. Your only remedy may
be in civil court, and you may be liable for damages arising out of any injuries to the unlicensed contractor or the unlicensed contractor’s
employees. For more information:Visit CSLB’s Internet Web site at www.cslb.ca.gov Call CSLB at 800-321-CSLB (2752)Write CSLB at P.O. Box
26000, Sacramento, CA 95826.”
Mechanics Liens: Anyone who helps improve your property, but who is not paid, may record what is called a mechanics’ lien on your property.
A mechanics’ lien is a claim, like a mortgage or home equity loan, made against your property and recorded with the county recorder. Upon
satisfactory payment being made for any portion of the work performed, the contractor, prior to any further payment being made, shall furnish
to the person contracting for the home improvement work a full and unconditional release from any potential lien claimant claim or mechanic's
lien authorized pursuant to Section 3110 of the Civil Code for that portion of the work for which payment has been made.
Rights to cancel: California Homeowners have up to 3 days to cancel any HIC Home Improvement Contract. Notice of cancellation can be
mailed to the address shown at the top of page one of this proposal.
Page 3 of 3
This proposal is valid for 30 days from date issued.
Corporate Office:
4525 Littlejohn St Baldwin Park CA 91706
Phone: 626-962-4163  Fax: 626-960-2063
Proposal #:
PNVRB26-5-105091
www.door911.com
For the Payment & Performance Bond, it’s not included but I
noted 3%, which it was.
I was informed Friday told that it’s no longer calculated by
percentage. Its $6.50 per thousand of the contract price, per our
contracting office.
- Rob Brooks, 05/11/26
