
===== PAGE 1 =====
PROPOSAL
600730
Customer Info
 
Job Info
Core Construction
5330 Reno Corporate Dr
Reno, NV 89511
Attn: Dawn Duranleau
 
Tonopah High School
Re: bidding
1 Ray Tennant Wy
Tonopah, NV 89049
Date
Proposal No
Submitted By
Reference
5/12/2026
600730
Chris Smith
Rolling Steel
Description
Amounts
1- 8-0 x 7-2 Cornell Model ESD20. Insulated service door. 24ga front and back. R-Value 8.0. Chain hoist operated. Powder
coated. Hood. Full weather-seal. Door 102B
INCLUDED
1- 8-0 x 4-0 Cornell Model ESC10. Counter door. 22ga Galv steel. Crank operated. powder coated. Slide locks. Hood. Door 106A
INCLUDED
Prevailing Wage, All doors meet Spec.
$21,043.00
Date
Payment Terms
Acceptance Terms
Valid Thru
Total Amount
5/12/2026
COD
30 Days
6/11/2026
$21,043.00
Submitted By
Phone No
Email
Chris Smith , Outside Sales and Project Management
 
chris@nevadaoverhead.com
Signature
 
 
 
 
ACCEPTED BY
 
PRINT NAME
 
EMAIL ADDRESS
 
DATE
 
I herein agree to comply with all listed terms and conditions of contract
Terms and Conditions
Prices Subject to change if not accepted in 15 days.
50% Deposit W/ remainder due at completion OR per accepted terms/PO
4% credit card processing fee
Terms and Conditions of Contract
Terms: Terms are as indicated on the front of this agreement. All prices quoted are F.O.B. Frontier Building Products Pacific, Inc (hereinafter "Company"), place of business as point of shipment; transportation and
other freight charges are not included on quoted price unless expressly stated upon the front of this agreement and will be added to the final invoice.
Service Required: Customer acknowledges that equipment furnished by Company uses mechanical and/or electronic components capable of unpredictable failure or malfunction. They require adjustment,
maintenance and service from time to time. Such components are not represented nor warranted by Company as "maintenance free".
Delays: Company shall not be liable for loss or damage due to delay in delivery, providing service, material, equipment, or for interruptions in service or for loss of use of service or equipment or materials resulting
from any cause beyond its reasonable control. This includes without limitation, compliance with any regulations, orders or instructions of any governmental entity or part thereof, acts of God, or omissions of
Customer, acts of civil or military authority, fires, strikes, factory shutdowns or alterations, embargoes, war, riot, delays in transportation, conditions caused or created or suffered by Customer, or inability due to
causes beyond Company's control to obtain delivery dates and receipt of the equipment and/or services. Any of the preceding constitutes a waiver of all claims for damages. In no event shall either party hereto be
liable for special, incidental or consequential damages.
Extras: Requirements of governmental buildings codes or government officials, not provided for in the plans and specifications on this agreement shall be considered and charged for as additional work. Any


===== PAGE 2 =====
alteration or deviation from the above agreement of plans and specifications involving extra cost of material or labor will only be performed upon written change order and will become an extra charge over the sum
mentioned in the agreement. Oral changes are of no force or effect.
Materials: Unless otherwise specified on the face side hereof, Company shall have the right to select all materials. When specified materials are unavailable, Company shall have the right to substitute materials of
equal or better quality.
Limited Warranty: Company agrees that on all new installations all equipment and material furnished shall carry a one-year warranty on parts and materials. Replacement or repair is at the sole option of Company.
Company further guarantees to furnish labor and qualified service personnel to the installation site for a maximum period of 90 days from the date of installation. Any service provided during such period will not
extend the warranty terms. Damage to equipment or materials caused by negligence, misuse, vandalism, or Acts of God are not covered by this warranty.
Company's Warranty does not apply to the conditions listed below, and in the event the Customer calls Company for service under the Warranty, and upon inspection by Company's representative it is found that one
of these condition has led to the inoperability or apparent failure of the system, a charge will be made for the service call by the Company's representative regardless of whether or not they actually work on the
system. Should it be necessary to make repairs of the system due to one of the conditions not covered by the Warranty, a charge will be made for such work at Company's then applicable rates of labor and material.
Warranty callbacks will be responded to M-F 7:00 A.M. to 3:00 P.M within Two (2) business day period from time of request.
Conditions Not Covered by Warranty:
(A) Damage resulting from accidents, acts of God, alteration, misuse, tampering, unauthorized modification or abuse.
(B) Failure of customer to properly follow operating instructions provided by the Company at the time of installation; or to properly instruct its patrons, invitees, guests, licensees and/or tenants of proper operating
instructions, or customer's actual or suffering of removal of Company's caution or other warning signs furnished by the Company.
Disclaimer: To the extent permitted by law THIS WARRANTY IS IN LIEU OF ALL OTHER WARRANTIES, EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED. THERE IS NO IMPLIED WARRANTY OF MERCHANTABILITY OR OF FITNESS FOR A
PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND IN NO EVENT SHALL COMPANY BE LIABLE FOR CONSEQUENTAIL OR SPECIAL DAMAGES.
Service Calls: (1) It is understood Company is not an insurer (insurance, if any, shall be obtained by the Customer at latter's sole expenses), and that the amounts payable to Company hereunder are based upon the
value of the Company's services and equipment and the latter's liability as herein set forth is unrelated to the value of the Customer's property or the property of any others on the Customer's premises. THE
COMPANY MAKES NO GUARANTY OR WARRANTY THAT THE SYSTEM OR SERVICE SUPPLIED PERFORM OR ACCOMPLISH RESULTS OTHER THAN STATED IN THE SALES PROPOSAL OR PLANS AND
SPECIFICATIONS.
(2) The customer agrees to pay, in addition to charges specified, any taxes, fees or charges that are imposed or authorized by any governmental body relating to the installation or service provided under this
agreement.
(3) Service will be furnished by the Company during its normal working hours, 8 am to 4 pm, Monday through Friday, except holidays. Company shall have full and free access to the equipment to perform service
thereon. Company shall not be responsible for failure to render service due to causes beyond its control. Services rendered outside the normal working hours of Company are not within the scope of any Warranty,
Maintenance or Full Service Contract.
Interest: The parties agree that delinquent accounts shall bear interest at the rate of eighteen percent (18%) per annum from date of delinquency.
1-1/2% Charge: Customer agrees time is of the essence in making payments hereunder. If any payment is unpaid on the date due for such payment, such later payment shall be subject to DELINQUENCY CHARGE OF
1-1/2% per month while sum is in default and Customer agrees to pay same (it is being presumed between these parties such charge is reasonable since the actual amount of damage to Company from default
under the circumstances at the time of making this Agreement make it wholly impractical or extremely difficult to fix the actual damages and since the calculation of computation of the administrative cost of actual
collection and accounting for default would likely exceed the agreed upon charge herein).
Cancellation Charge: If Customer cancels this Agreement, such cancellation is subject to a twenty-five percent (25%) charge on the particular service and/or equipment cancelled. Customer agrees to pay same for
Company's bookkeeping and administrative costs in processing Customer's order as a reasonable charge therefore (in considering that the actual amount of such costs are not reasonably calculable, are
impractical to fix, and such charges bears reasonable relation to Company's actual probable loss). Additionally, in the event of restocking merchandise, a condition of cancellation is return to Company's place of
business of such merchandise unused and in its original container.
Default: In the event of default by Customer under this Agreement, or if by any act or omission of Customer, Company is required to file suit, action or other proceeding, including arbitration, to protect or enforce its
rights hereunder, Customer shall pay all of Company's legal costs and reasonable attorney's fees. The Company shall not be required to proceed with installation of the work nor provide further service if the
payments applying on same or on extra work have not been made as specified in this agreement.
In the event of such payment or other default hereunder, Company may remain idle without liability until all payments are received, or default cured and Customers account is current. Title to any of the material sold
or installed hereunder by the company shall remain in the Company until all the terms hereof have been complied with. In the event such materials are affixed to realty, it is expressly understood and agreed that they
shall remain at the option of Company personally subject to removal and repossession regardless of incorporation therein as hereunder provided, and further that the owner and/or buyer/or Customer hereby waives
any and all claims of damage to said realty or building caused by the removal of said materials or any part hereof and without duty of company to restore of repair such premises.
Unalterable Terms: Acceptance by Customer is expressly limited to all terms and conditions stated in this Agreement as printed herein and Customer shall not add or vary these terms and conditions without
Company's express written authorization.
Executive Officer Approval: This Agreement is not binding unless approved in writing by an authorized representative of Company. In the event of failure of approval, as aforesaid, the only liability of Company shall
be to return to the Customer the amount, if any, paid to the Company upon the signing of this Agreement.
Entire Agreement: It is mutually understood and agreed that any representation, promise, condition, inducement or warranty, express or implied, not included in this Agreement shall not be binding upon any part.
Warranty of Authority: Customer warrants and represents to the Company that they are the owner and/or legal possessor of the premises to which Company's equipment and/or services shall be furnished or
bestowed and that Customer is authorized to order the service or equipment herein, and agrees to hold Company harmless for any loss or liability from any action or claim by third persons relating to such premises
as affects Company's equipment or services thereon or to the ordering of Company's services or equipment.
Severability: It is intended that each provision of this Agreement shall be separated and divisible and in the event that any such provision shall be held invalid, the remaining provisions shall continue in full force and
effect.
Mechanics Lien: Under the Mechanics Lien Law (California Civil Code sections 8400-8494, Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) 108.221-108.246), any contractor, subcontractor, laborer, supplier, or other person who
helps improve owner's property, but is not paid for his work or supplies, has a right to enforce a claim against owner's property. This means that, after a court hearing, owner's property can be sold by a court officer
and the proceeds of the sale used to satisfy the indebtedness. This can happen even if owner has paid his own contractor in full, if a subcontractor, laborer, or supplier remains unpaid. Under the law, the owner may
protect himself against such claims by filing, before commencement of the work, an original of modified contract for the work of improvement in the office of the county recorder on the county where the property is
situated, and by requiring that a contactor's payment bond be recorded in the same office. This bond shall be in an amount not less than 50 percent of the contract price and shall, in addition to any conditions for
the performance of the contract, be conditioned for the payment in full of the claims of all persons furnishing labor, services, equipment, or materials for the work described in this contract.
I herein agree to comply with all listed terms and conditions of contract.
