
===== PAGE 1 =====
Corporate Office:
Office (702) 251.0539
3566 Polaris, Suite #1
Fax (702) 995.4900
Las Vegas, NV 89103
www.RyersonConcrete.com
NV License #: 53782 C-5
CA License #: 1009772 C-8
$3.1M Limit
Unlimited Limit
Customer Contact:
Ryerson Estimator:
Office Number:
Proposal Number:
Fax Number:
Today's Date:
Email Address:
Date Of Plans:
Proposal includes labor & materials (u.n.o.) for the following items/scope- per plans (dated above) & specs as shown:
Sealed Concrete System Specifications
Approx.
2,650 SqFt
Designated areas to be cleaned with walk-behind or ride- on scrubbers as first step to prepare substrate to receive new finishes.
All drywall mud, paint, plumbers glue, caulk lines, etc. to be removed by others prior to Ryerson Concrete mobilization.
Furnish & install clear concrete sealer per manufacturer's instructions.
All caulking around drains, floor sinks, electrical boxes by others (plumber/electricians). 
* Base bid DOES include filling all expansion joints (with epoxy mortar mix), cracks, and patches prior to coating application.
* Base bid DOES include installation & caulking of rbber base.
* Building must be climatized and environmental conditions must be met prior to installation per manufacturer's instructions 
* Base bid does NOT include sloping to drains. IF slope is needed, change order to be issued prior to commencement
* Any additional Tariffs will be charged to the owner.
* Base bid DOES NOT include transition/Schluter strips..
Add/Alt: Supplying Sufficient Power to run Equipment 
3 Phase 480 V 50 AMP Power 
ADDENDUMS NOTED:
1 & 2
1. Unless otherwise noted, Ryerson Concrete is not responsible for floor protection after completion of work.
2. Base bid only includes normal working hours 6am-2:30pm M-F. Any weekend or overnight work required or preferred to complete
scope of work on expedited schedule will result in a change order.
3. All environmental conditions are to be met per manufacturer's guidelines. Ryerson Concrete will not proceed with any installation
if conditions cannot be met or are unsatisfactory.
4. Part of our preparation may raise concrete dust. If any site equipment is sensitive to this dust, it is advisable that such 
equipment be covered prior to Ryerson Concrete's start of work. Ryerson Concrete will not assume any responsibility.
5. If applicable, customer understands that the dye/stain color is a direct result of the concrete substrate and that the final color
cannot be guaranteed. 
6. The General Contractor or Customer is responsible for posting notice to all employees and/or subcontractors to stay clear of the 
specified working area(s) during the application process.   
7. Should Ryerson Concrete be delayed at any time during the progress of the project, either by the customer, a separate contractor employed
by the customer, labor disputes or by any causes beyond our control, then the time requirements for the project and price
will be adjusted by a Ryerson Concrete change order.
8. The customer is responsible for providing: 120v power, 240v, & 480v Three phase Power, permanent or adequate lighting, adequate 
ventilation, storage areas for shipped materials, a job site dumpster for non-hazardous materials and Ryerson Concrete with 
MSDS sheets if we will be working in chemical, acids or solvent areas. 2. Have the area(s) cleared of all non-permanent 
obstructions (i.e., toolboxes, racks, equipment, etc.). Also, have the area(s) broom swept and dry prior to our arrival and 
make the work area(s) accessible 24 hours per day / 7 days per week, if necessary, in order to complete the project in the 
time frame required. 3. Post notice to your employees to stay clear of the specified work area(s) during the application 
process and cure cycle; or provide your employees with proper safety equipment (respirators, glasses, etc.) if they need to 
be in the specified work area(s).
9. Unforeseen circumstances to be negotiated with owner, architect, general contractor, etc. at time of discovery.
We hereby propose to furnish labor & material - in complete accordance with above specifications, for the sum of:
This proposal may be withdrawn by Ryerson Concrete LLC if not accepted within 30 days from the date above.
Authorized 
Signature
Signature
Date of Acceptance
Signature
  General Contractor
  Project Name
Core Construction
NCSD THS Sports Field Replacement
NV OFFICE
170 E Ray Tenant Ln
Tonopah NV 89049
Dawn Duranleau
Kenny Ryerson
$35,001.00
$2,508.00
702.926.1812
26-0207
June 2, 2026
dawnduranleau@coreconstruction.com
PER EMAIL
Epoxy Flooring Proposal
  NOTES / CLARIFICATIONS:
Base Bid Amount:
Thirty five thousand one
 DOLLARS and no/100 ---
$32,493.00
Accept: The above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and are hereby accepted.  You are authorized to do 
the work as specified. Payment will be made as outlined above.
Valid:
Terms: Deposit of 30% is due prior to commencement of work.  Progress draws will be invoiced every 30 days or as work progresses.  Invoices to be paid net 15 days.
Note: All material is guaranteed to be as specified. All work to be completed in a workmanlike manner according to 
standard practices. Any alteration or deviation from above specifications involving extra costs will be executed only 
upon written orders, and will become an extra charge over and above the estimate. All agreements contingent 
upon strikes, accidents or delays beyond our control. Owner to carry fire, tornado and other necessary insurances. 
Our workers are fully covered by Workmen's Compensation Insurance.
Kenny Ryerson
Ryerson Concrete LLC
