
===== PAGE 1 =====
FW SPECIALTIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDUSTRIAL COATINGS, TERRAZZO, CONCRETE RESTORATION, POLISHED CONCRETE 
 
6915 South 700 West, Midvale Utah 84047  |  801•566•1008 
www.FWSPECIALTIES.com 
www.HERMOSATERRAZZO.COM 
May 12, 2026 
 
Core Construction 
702-926-1812 
Dawn Duranleau 
dawnduranleau@coreconstruction.com 
 
 
 
 
 
   
Proposal: Tonopah High School Sports Complex 
 
Resinous Flooring ( 1,335 SF + 430 LF of coved base): 
FW Specialties shall: 
1. Mobilize to the site (temp. power, lighting, heating, dumpsters, etc. by others) 
2. Shotblast the exiting concrete substrate to proper CSP 
3. Supply & install Dur-A-Flex decorative Flake (Dur-a-Chip System) 
a. Primer Coat 
b. Mid-coat with Flake Broadcast 
c. Install Cove base at all designated areas 
d. Grout Coat 
e. Topcoat 
f. 
Clean site  
 
Resinous Coatings BASE BID: $34,053.95 
 
*(Pricing Valid up to 30 days) 
 
Sealed Concrete ( 1,095 SF): 
FW Specialties shall: 
1. Mobilize to the site (temp. power, lighting, heating, dumpsters, etc. by others) 
2. Supply & install Sealed concrete 
3. Clean floor 
a. Apply Sealer 
b. Clean site  
 
 BASE BID: $2,985.95 
 
*(Pricing Valid up to 30 days) 
 
 
 
 
* Please refer to the highlighted drawings & the attachment for more clarifications.   
* Addendums acknowledged: ??? 
* Protection of the finished floor is not included. 
* The elimination or modification of any line item will result in a change in price for the remaining line items. 
* ???Specific clarifications for this job??? 
 
**FW Specialties is proud of its ability to comply with the new OSHA crystalline silica requirements. 
 
Conditions & Clarifications: 
Upon Acceptance of our proposal, you agree with all terms and conditions stated below.  This proposal 
shall become part of any contract awarded FW Specialties. 
1. 
Bid includes _ mobilizations only.   


===== PAGE 2 =====
FW SPECIALTIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDUSTRIAL COATINGS, TERRAZZO, CONCRETE RESTORATION, POLISHED CONCRETE 
 
6915 South 700 West, Midvale Utah 84047  |  801•566•1008 
www.FWSPECIALTIES.com 
www.HERMOSATERRAZZO.COM 
2. 
Bid includes _ phase only.  Additional phases are excluded from this proposal.  Additional phasing 
will add significant costs to this proposal.  
3. 
The elimination or modification of any line item will result in a change in price for the remaining line 
items. 
4. 
Damage to our work during or after installation will be charged to the general contractor. 
5. 
Protection of completed work is excluded. 
6. 
Adequate light, heat, and power will be required by others and in place and operating when FW 
Specialties’ crew arrives on site.   
7. 
If power is not available a generator provided by FW Specialties will be $500.00 per day plus fuel 
costs.  
8. 
Bid is for standard colors and textures.  Changes in color or texture after the job begins will be an 
additional charge.  
9. 
Unless otherwise defined in this proposal, damage to coatings due to moisture vapor transmission 
from the concrete slab will not be covered in our warranty. 
10. Unless otherwise defined in this proposal, re-sloping, leveling, or filling is excluded. 
11. Unless otherwise defined in this proposal; night work, overtime (Sat & Sun), premium time, and 
holiday pay is excluded. 
12. Tenting, heating, lighting, ventilation, caulking, trash container, protection of equipment/furniture, 
shop drawings, and additional insurance bonds or subrogation are excluded. 
13. The bid is conditioned upon the ability of FW Specialties to complete the project at present prices 
for material and at the present scale of wages for labor. In the event of significant delay or price 
increase of material, equipment, or energy occurring during the performance of the contract, 
which delay or increase is due to no fault of FW Specialties, the contract sum, time of completion, 
or contract requirements shall be equitably adjusted by Change Order in accordance with the 
procedures of the contract documents. 
14. The contract is conditioned upon the ability of the contractor/subcontractor to complete the 
project at present prices for material and at the present scale of wages for labor. In the event of 
significant delay or price increase of material, equipment, or energy occurring during the 
performance of the contract, which delay or increase is due to no fault of the 
contractor/subcontractor, the contract sum, time of completion, or contract requirements shall be 
equitably adjusted by Change Order in accordance with the procedures of the contract 
documents. 
 
Bid is good for 30 days, after which the cost may increase. 
 
Terms: As these are special order materials, a draw will be submitted when the materials are ordered.  The 
remaining contract will be billed as the work is completed.  If payment is not received within 30 days, you 
will be charged interest and attorney fees.  In the event of termination of the agreement, FW Specialties 
shall be entitled to 10% - 20% of contracted amount. 
 
We appreciate the opportunity to bid with you on this project and look forward to working with you.  If 
you should have any further questions, please do not hesitate to call.   
 
Sincerely, 
  
 
 
 
Jesse Davis 
Project Manager 
801-652-1480 


===== PAGE 3 =====
FW SPECIALTIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDUSTRIAL COATINGS, TERRAZZO, CONCRETE RESTORATION, POLISHED CONCRETE 
 
6915 South 700 West, Midvale Utah 84047  |  801•566•1008 
www.FWSPECIALTIES.com 
www.HERMOSATERRAZZO.COM 
Jesse@fwspecialties.com 
 
 
 


===== PAGE 4 =====
FW SPECIALTIES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
INDUSTRIAL COATINGS, TERRAZZO, CONCRETE RESTORATION, POLISHED CONCRETE 
 
6915 South 700 West, Midvale Utah 84047  |  801•566•1008 
www.FWSPECIALTIES.com 
www.HERMOSATERRAZZO.COM 
ATTACHMENT “A” 
RESINOUS COATINGS 
*TO BE INCLUDED AND BINDING OF ANY CONTRACT AWARDED TO FW SPECIALTIES* 
To ensure proper Installation and Warranty Coverage, the following conditions must exist before the floor installation 
can begin: 
1. 
Wall and floor coatings will be done one after the other starting with the walls followed by the floors.     
2. 
Concrete to be 28 days old.  Relative humidity of 80% or less and/or 3 lbs. per 1000 square feet with a 
calcium chloride test. 
3. 
Concrete to be finished 1/4th inch in 10 feet. 
4. 
Permanent heat is required, building should be dried in.  Propane is not an acceptable heat source.  
Minimum slab temp of 55 degrees and ambient temperature of 60 degrees is required. 
5. 
Temporary heating systems should be properly engineered to avoid buildup of CO2 or hydrocarbon 
residue which can cause the resinous coatings to discolor.   
6. 
Permanent lighting to be in place. 
7. 
Ceilings to be complete with all tile dropped etc. 
8. 
All thresholds to be set by others. 
9. 
Painting can be done before or after our installation.  If done before, FW Specialties is not responsible for 
peeled paint and torn sheetrock paper left from tape at our base line.  If after, the floor must be protected 
from overspray by the painter. 
10. Rooms must be clean, scraped, swept, and all other trade equipment or material to be removed prior to 
our arrival onsite. 
11. All wall types to be grouted or scribed solid to the floor slab.  Inside and outside corners to be finished. 
12. All drains must have slope and be set to proper height with the drain collar up above the height of the 
concrete to match the elevation of the finished floor. 
13. Unless otherwise defined in this proposal, mock ups are not included.  
14. No other trades can be in work area during installation. 
15. No other trades can enter completed areas without the consent of FW Specialties.  
16. Depending on equipment necessary for the job, power requirements are 110-220 single phase, 208-220 
three phase, 480 three phase, and a 60-amp breaker must be available in the area at no cost to FW 
Specialties.  
17. Damage due to structural movement or failures (substrate cracking, joint movement etc.) not covered by 
warranty.   
18. Protection of completed work is excluded. 
 
PLEASE CALL SIX WEEKS PRIOR TO SCHEDULED START DATE SO WE CAN GO OVER THE WORK AREA WITH YOU. 
 
 
 
 
