
===== PAGE 1 =====
Sent proposal revision #1: $434,504
Submitted May 12, 2026 at 1:53 PM PDT
Elite Sports Builders
1622 North Black Canyon Highway, Suite 200, Phoenix, AZ 85009, United States of America
Troy Rudolph, CTB, CFB, CTCB | President | +1 602-288-5023 | troy@elitesportsbuilders.com
Alternates
Track & Field Equipment
$0
General Acknowledgments
Bid Docs - HS Sports Complex Plans
Yes
Bid Docs - Exist. ES Demo Plans
Yes
Bond Information
Payment & Performance
1
%
Additional Information
Notes
Attachments
Tonopah High School Sports … (2.2 MB)
Bond is not included in pricing as stated. Please see the proposal for specific inclusions, exclusions and detailed scope of work for the project.
Bid Proposal: Running Track Surfacing
Printed on May 12, 2026 at 3:01 PM PDT
NCSD - Tonopah High School Sports Complex
1 Ray Tennant Way, Tonopah, NV 89049, United States of America
Page 1 of 1
powered by 


===== PAGE 2 =====
I (IAT TI ET TET EE ET ET EET
S—
Contractor's License Numbers — 1622 North Black Canyon Highway
AZROC-296552 A a Suite 200
AZROC-296553 CR-34 SPORTS BUILDERS Phoenix, AZ 85009

NV-0081919 A-22 Limit $1,000,000 . . O: (602) 899-9200
NV-0081920 C-4A Limit $1,000,000 Arizona - Colorado - Nevada - New Mexico - Texas F: (602) 914-7351

NM-386508 GF-05 www.elitesportsbuilders.com

Client: Contact: Job: Date Written : 5/12/2026

Core Construction of Nevada Dawn Duranleau Tonopah High School Sports Complex - Proposal Number : 5007

7150 Cascade Valley Court P: (702) 467-0560 Track Surfacing Client Number :

Las Vegas, NV 89128 1 Ray Tennant Way Project Consultant: Troy Rudolph

Tonopah, NV 89047
Elite Sports Builders is proud to be a member of the American Sports Builder’s Association since 1995.
Elite Sports Builders is very proud to staff an American Sports Builder’s Association Certified Track Builder (CTB), considered in the
industry to be an expert in Running Track Construction.

Elite Sports Builders is very proud to announce another national recognition in being awarded the American Sports Builder's Association's

2020 Track & Field Facility of The Year Award for the design/build construction of The West Point High School Stadium Project.
We propose to furnish all labor, material, and equipment necessary to complete the work as outlined below in accordance with the plans and
specifications submitted herewith, to wit:

Core Construction of Nevada is responsible for all of the following:

Unobstructed access to the construction and staging areas.

Accessible water and electrical source and all applicable costs.

Portable bathroom facilities, construction dumpster, and all site security, including temporary fence if necessary.

Removal, repair and/or replacement of landscaping, hardscaping, irrigation and electrical lines affected by this scope of work.
Finished asphalt & concrete per plans and in compliance with ASBA specifications and tolerances.

Supply of all athletic equipment and related installation.

Plans, permits, bonds, inspections, testing, all engineering and all applicable fees.

Any other work not specifically addressed in this proposal.

Note: Elite Sports Builders has received and reviewed Addendum #1 and Clarifications 1 & 2. Elite Sports Builders has
included Prevailing Wage Rates in the following proposal.

Note: Track Asphalt must cure for a minimum of 21 days prior to installing the track surfacing system, per the ASBA

Surface New Running Track Oval & D-Zones Measuring a Total of 7,432 SY Using The Stobitan SC Surfacing System As Follows:

01-110 Provide project management including travel time, coordination meeting, asphalt paving supervision, surfacing system walkthrough, paperwork
and billings.

11-115 The entire surface shall be cleaned with high pressure water as needed to remove all dirt and latent material and to prepare the surface for
bonding of the surfacing coats.

11-505 Flood the new asphalt (by others) and mark low areas holding more than %” of water. Low areas will be filled with California Products Court
Patch Binder Patch Mix and a 10’ straightedge. This proposal includes up to 300 square feet of patching not exceeding %” in depth. Additionally
square footage, depth or other asphalt related repairs will be charged separately via change order. Asphalt planarity and proper slopes shall
be supplied per the ASBA’s recommendation for asphalt paving and are the paving contractor's responsibility.

15-100 Mask off curb and fencing directly adjacent to the surface to be bonded.

15-520 The appropriate primer shall be flow applied at a rate of .28 pounds per square yard in accordance with the manufacturer's specifications.
Only those areas that can be installed the same day should be primed.

Page 1 Initial


===== PAGE 3 =====
I (IAT TI ET TET EE ET ET EET
==
Contractor's License Numbers — 1622 North Black Canyon Highway
AZROC-296552 A a Suite 200
AZROC-296553 CR-34 SPORTS BUILDERS Phoenix, AZ 85009
NV-0081919 A-22 Limit $1,000,000 . . O: (602) 899-9200
NV-0081920 C-4A Limit $1,000,000 Arizona - Colorado - Nevada - New Mexico - Texas F: (602) 914-7351
NM-386508 GF-05 www.elitesportsbuilders.com
Client: Contact: Job: Date Written : 5/12/2026
Core Construction of Nevada Dawn Duranleau Tonopah High School Sports Complex - Proposal Number : 5007
7150 Cascade Valley Court P: (702) 467-0560 Track Surfacing Client Number :
Las Vegas, NV 89128 1 Ray Tennant Way Project Consultant: Troy Rudolph
Tonopah, NV 89047
15-560 Base Mat (11 mm)
Black 1 - 3 mm rubber granules and single component polyurethane binding agent are blended together in a computer controlled mixing unit to
produce a weight metered homogeneous mixture. The blended materials are then spread onto the asphalt/concrete base by means of a
mechanical tandem leveler paving machine a rate of 16 to 16.5 Ibs. per square yard. The tandem leveler paving machine shall have a heated
oscillating screed bar to obtain both smoothness and compaction. The heated screed bar normally works at a temperature of 158 to 176
degrees F.
The laying procedure shall be bay-to-bay and limiting the length of the passes so as not to have any cold (cured) joints between the bays. At
the beginning of each day's work, the traverse joint from the previous day's work shall be tack coated to ensure a good bond. Small
irregularities remaining in the surface after the tandem leveler has passed may be removed using a light polyethylene or Teflon roller.
The surface hardens through the reaction of the binding agent with humidity. The speed of the reaction depends on temperature and relative
humidity. Usually, the surface may be walked upon the next day.
15-640 Structural Spray Wearing Coats - Two Coats
After the black base mat has properly cured, apply a thixotropic mixture, using Red color Stockmeier polyurethane binder and Red color EPDM
granules, mixed in a suitable metal container using a drill and mixing paddle and spray-applied using approved air spray equipment designed to
handle this heavy rubber mixture. The structural spray coating is applied in application utilizing 1.80 Ibs. / square yard for each application.
32-145 Track lines and markings shall be painted according to plans and specifications. They shall include race identifications, shadowed lane
numbers, and shadowed team name. They shall conform with ASBA & NFSHSA and applicable state association rules.
Grand Total : $434,504.00
Nevada Point of Sale Materials Tax is included in this proposal.
The Stobitan SC Polyurethane Surfacing System shall be warranted against defects in materials and workmanship for a period of 36 months
from the time of completion in compliance with the terms, conditions, and details of the Elite Sports Builders Warranty certificate. (Please see the
warranty certificate for details of this warranty coverage) Track Striping to be warranted for a period of 24 months.
Elite Sports Builders does not warrant the existing asphalt or concrete, or it's effect on the surfacing system to be applied. Any issues with the
Stobitan polyurethane surfacing system arising directly or indirectly from the existing asphalt or concrete condition or construction are not
covered under this warranty.
Additional (Downtime / Mobilization) charges may result from delays beyond the control of Elite Sports Builders (Or its Subcontractors) which
prohibit the above mentioned work from being completed as scheduled. (i.e., unmoved vehicles, disregard for Elite Sports Builders traffic
control, sanitation / delivery services, trailers, sprinkler runoff, vandalism, etc.)
NOTE: IMPORTANT NOTICE: Due to volatility of materials in the region, the price on this proposal is for work completed before 6/12/2026. If
work is completed after this date, regardless of cause or fault, pricing will be adjusted to reflect material costs at the time of delivery to
the project. All materials are dependant on availability of materials and pricing at the time of completion of the work.
ACCEPTANCE OF PROPOSAL: TERMS: As Specified
The above prices, specifications and conditions are satisfactory and hereby accepted. You are authorized to do the work as specified. Payment will be
made as outlined above. Elite Sports Builders may withdraw this proposal if not accepted within 30 days, or if pricing becomes invalid within the notice above.
Elite Sports Builders LLC Client
Authorized Signature : Authorized Signature :
Name : Troy Rudolph CFB, CTB, CTCB Name :
Designation : President Date :
Page 2 Initial


===== PAGE 4 =====
ELITE SPORTS BUILDERS TERMS AND CONIDTIONS

All materials guaranteed to be as specified. Any alteration or deviation from above specifications involving extra costs will be executed only upon written orders and will become an
extra charge over and above the estimate. All agreements contingent upon strikes, accidents, and delays beyond our control. Owner to carry fire, tornado, and other necessary
insurance. Our workers are fully covered by Workmen's Compensation Insurance. All jobs are subject to prelien.

Customer hereby accepts the terms of the attached Contract subject to the provisions as defined on the Contract Agreement as well as the Owner's Agreement with the terms set
forth in this Addendum. This Addendum is attached hereto and incorporated herein by reference. If any of the terms of the Contract are inconsistent with the terms of this
Addendum, then this Addendum shall be controlling and the parties shall be bound by the terms and conditions of this Addendum.

1. PAYMENT

Contractor shall be paid a monthly progress payment within 15 days after receipt of the payment by the Owner for the value of work performed. Final payment, including all
retention, shall be due 15 days after the work described in the Proposal is substantially completed. No provision of this agreement shall serve to void the Contractor's entitlement to
payment for properly performed work.

2. INTEREST AND EXPENSES

All sums not paid when due shall bear an interest rate of 1 4% per month or the maximum legal rate permitted by law, whichever is less, and all costs of collection, including a
reasonable attorneys’ fee, shall be paid by Owner.

3. ATTORNEYS’ FEES

In the event of litigation or collection efforts by Contractor, the prevailing party shall be reimbursed for its reasonable attorneys’ fees, which shall include all costs that would
normally be passed through to the client, specifically but not limited to research charges, travel costs, expert witness costs, copying costs, mailing costs, facsimile costs,
had-delivery costs, Federal Express or Express Mail costs, taxable costs and disbursements.

4. CONTINUED PERFORMANCE

Nothing in this subcontract agreement shall require the Contractor to continue performance if timely payments are not made to Contractor for suitably performed work.

5. BACKCHARGES

No back charges or claim of the Owner for services shall be valid except by an agreement in writing by the Contractor before the work is executed, except in the case of the
Contractors failure to meet any requirement of the subcontract agreement. In such event, the Owner shall notify the Contractor of such default, in writing, and allow the Contractor
reasonable time to correct any deficiency before incurring any cost chargeable to the Contractor.

6. WORK AREAS

Owner is to prepare all work areas so as to be acceptable for Contractor work under the contract. Contractor will not be called upon to start work until sufficient areas are ready to
insure continued work.

7. TIME FOR PERFORMANCE

Contractor shall be given a reasonable time in which to commence and complete the performance of the contract. Contractor shall not be responsible for delays or default where
occasioned by any cause of any kind and extent beyond control, including but not limited to: delay caused by Owner, architect and/or engineers, delays in transportation, shortages
of raw materials, civil disorders, labor difficulties, vendor allocations, fires, floods, accident hazardous waste or controlled substances and acts of God. Contractor shall be entitled to
equitable adjustment in the subcontract amount for additional costs due to unanticipated project delays or acceleration.

Contractor shall not be obligated to provide any labor or materials outside the scope of work unless Owner shall first agree in writing to equitably adjust the subcontract amount to be
paid Contractor.

8. WORKMANSHIP

All workmanship is guaranteed against defects for a period of one year from the date of substantial completion of installation. This warranty is in lieu of all other warranties, express
or implied, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose. The exclusive remedy shall be that Contractor will replace or repair any part of its work
which is found to be defective. Contractor shall not be responsible for special, incidental or consequential damages. Contractor shall not be responsible for damage to its work by
other parties or for improper use of equipment by other Standard of industry practice and will override strict compliance and strict performance.

9. WORK HOURS

Work called for herein is to be performed during Contractor's regular working hours as agreed to by the Owner and the Contractor.

10. NOTICE

Any notice or written claim required by the contract documents to be submitted to the Owner, on account of charges, extras, delays, acceleration, or otherwise, shall be furnished
within a time period, and in a manner to permit the Owner to satisfy the requirements of the contract documents, notwithstanding any shorter time period otherwise provided.

11. LIEN RIGHTS

Nothing in this agreement shall serve to void Contractor's right to file a lien or claim on its behalf in the event that any payment to Contractor is not timely made.

12. LABOR

Contractor shall not be bound by any of Owner's labor agreements (in whole or in part).

13. LIQUIDATED DAMAGES

The Owner shall make no demand for liquidated damages for delays in any sum in excess of such amounts as may be specifically named in this Addendum and no liquidated
damages may be assessed against Contractor for more than the amount paid by the Owner for unexcused delays to the event actually caused by the Contractor.

14. SCHEDULE

Contractor shall submit a schedule to Owner, Owner will review and notify Contractor of any schedule conflict. If Contractor finds it necessary to change his schedule, owner will
give his best effort to meet this change in schedule. Contractor shall not be penalized for non-performance and will be paid for work performed.

15. INSURANCE RESTRICTION

Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary, Contractor shall maintain the types and limitations on insurance as shown on the attached certificate of insurance. Contractor is not
required to waive any claims or rights of subrogation against the Owner or any others for losses and claims covered or paid by Owner's workers compensation or general liability
insurance. Acceptance of the Certificate of Insurance constitutes acceptance of the insurance of Contractor, including any additional insured requirements. In addition, Contractor
shall not provide completed operations under an additional insured requirement.

16. INDEMNITY, HOLD HARMLESS RESTRICTION

Any indemnification or hold harmless obligation of the Contractor shall extend only to claims relating to bodily injury and property damage and then only to that part or proportion of
any claim damage, loss or defect that results from the negligence or intentional act of the indemnitor or someone for whom it is responsible. Contractor shall not under any
circumstance have a duty to defend. Nothing in this agreement shall require the Contractor to indemnify any other party from any damages including expenses and attorneys’ fees
to persons or property for any amount exceeding the degree Contractor directly caused such damages. Contractor shall not be responsible for fines or assessments made against
Owner and Contractor. Contractor retains all rights of subrogation. Contractor will not indemnify anybody for any actions except for Contractor's own negligence and only in the
proportional amount of their negligence.

17. RIGHT TO RELY

Contractor shall rely on plans, drawings, specifications and other information provided by Owner, Owner, Architect or representatives of each. Contractor assumes no risk for
unknown or unforeseen conditions not evident from the plans, drawings, specifications or other information provided to Contractor.

18. HAZARDOUS WASTE

Contractor shall have no obligation to handle (that is, to remove, treat or transport) any substance which is considered hazardous waste or substance under state or federal law
(“hazardous waste”). Handling hazardous waste shall be outside the scope of work of this agreement. Title to all hazardous waste shall remain with others and shall not be property of
Contractor.

19. DISPUTE RESOLUTION

Final determination of contract compliance and all dispute resolutions shall be handled in the jurisdiction and venue of Maricopa County, Arizona, and be governed by the laws of
Arizona.

Page 3 Initial
