
===== PAGE 1 =====
Sent proposal: $17,019.32
Submitted May 12, 2026 at 7:04 AM PDT
Porta - King Building Systems ( Jay Henges Enterprises)
2279 Eagle Glen Parkway, 112-112, Corona, CA 92883, United States of America
Benjamin Adams | Pacific Regional Manager | +1 951-269-3999 | badams@portaking.com
General Acknowledgments
Bid Docs - HS Sports Complex Plans
Yes
Bid Docs - Exist. ES Demo Plans
Yes
Bond Information
Payment & Performance
0
%
Additional Information
Notes
Attachments
Core Construction - Tonopah… (909 KB)
Thanks for the opportunity to bid on the prefabricated ticket booth.  See the attached quote for the final pricing that includes P.E. Stamped 
Structural Calcs & Drawings and freight.
Bid Proposal: Prefabricated Ticket Booth
Printed on May 12, 2026 at 3:00 PM PDT
NCSD - Tonopah High School Sports Complex
1 Ray Tennant Way, Tonopah, NV 89049, United States of America
Page 1 of 1
powered by 


===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Thank you for your interest in Porta-King prefabricated products.  Porta-King has been fabricating custom prefabricated 
buildings since 1969.  As the leading manufacturer of prefabricated buildings, Porta-Kings’ customers enjoy the highest 
level of quality and service available to the industry.  Porta-King buildings ship fully assembled and completely pre-wired 
(unless otherwise noted).  Simply off-load the building at the job-site, set and anchor the building onto a concrete pad, 
supply power to the pre-wired breaker-box, and you’re ready for operation.  
The following is a summary list of the materials and corresponding quantities included in this proposal.  Please take a 
moment to review this information. 
 
Description
Quantity
Unit Price
Price 
 
DURASTEEL PC BUILDING
Model PC64 (6' x 4' Nominal)
1 EA
Ceiling Height: 90"
1 EA
Exterior Finishes
 
Ext Finish Style: Standard
1 EA
16 Gauge Steel Exterior Walls
20 LF
Single Color Two Part Polyurethane Paint
300 SF
Interior Finishes
 
16 Gauge Steel Interior
20 LF
Insulation
 
Walls R-19, Ceiling R-38
1 EA
Floor R-24
1 SF
Roof
 
Standard Durasteel Roof w/ 3" Overhang, 8'' Fascia Height
1 EA
Floor Structure
 
Standard 3" Welded Anchor Tabs
4 EA
Aluminum Tread Plate Floor
24 SF
Standard 6'' x 12'' Floor Access Cutout
1 EA
Window(s)
 
Steel Exterior / Removeable Interior
1 EA
1" Insulated Solarban 70 Low E Safety Glass
20 LF
4133 Shoreline Drive 
Earth City, MO  63045 
Phone: (800) 456-5464 
www.portaking.com 
Date:
4/24/2026
Customer:     Core Construction
5330 Reno Corporate Drive
Reno, NV  89511 
Attention:
Dawn Duranleau
Phone:
(775) 447-6200
Email:
dawnduranleau@coreconstruction.c
om 
Project:
Tonopah High School Sports 
Complex  
1 Ray Tennant Way  
Tonopah NV  89049 
Estimate:
CBC0000048
Revision:
Original
A Division of Jay Henges Enterprises, Inc. 


===== PAGE 3 =====
Boyd 600 Horizontal Sliding Window
1 EA
Exterior Door(s)
 
3068 Swing Steel Door W/Vision Lite
1 EA
Entry Lever Lockset, ADA
1 EA
ADA Door Closer
1 EA
Climate Control
 
160CFM Wall Mounted Exhaust Fan
1 EA
115V, 1,500 Watt Wall Mounted Heater with Remote T-Stat
1 EA
Electric
 
100A, Single Phase, 12 Circuit Load Center with Main Breaker
1 EA
115V Duplex Outlet
2 EA
Occupancy Sensor Wall Switch
1 EA
2’ LED Wraparound Light Fixture
1 EA
Dual Head LED Exterior Flood Light w/ Photo Cell - White
1 EA
Misc. Accessories
 
Exterior Stainless Steel Shelf
1 EA
Stainless Steel Deal Tray
1 EA
ADA Bracket For Custom Counter
1 EA
Custom
 
22" Deep Stainless Steel Shelf
1 EA
  
 
Subtotal for Qty(1):
$17,019.32
  
 
INSIGNIA
NV State Approval/ PE Structural Calcs
PE Stamped Structural Design Calculations will be provided electronically 
(pdf) and will address the loads for the building/structure only. Anchor type 
and embedment are the responsibility of the project foundation 
designer/engineer. Lead time on PE Calcs is typically 6-8 weeks prior to 
building's completion date unless otherwise requested   
 
 
  
 
Subtotal for Qty(1):
$2,800.00
  
 
Final Subtotal:
$19,819.32
Tax:
$0.00
Estimated Freight:
$4,000.00
Final Total Net Price:
$23,819.32
NOTE: 
 
*Transaction window and counter are installed at ADA accepted height. 
 
* This estimate is valid for 30 calendar days. 
 
* Permits, off-loading, anchoring and final electrical hook-up, by others. 
 
* Payment terms for this project may have deposit requirements due at time of order.  Acceptance of this proposal 
includes deposit requirement acceptance. 
Lead-times: (subject to change)
Approval drawings: 5-10 business days (after PO
acknowledgment)
Durasteel Fabrication: 12-14 weeks** (after receipt of signed
approvals)
**add 2 weeks for larger Durasteel buildings, or buildings that
require state insignias
- Benjamin Adams, 04/24/26


===== PAGE 4 =====
 
* Lead times are subject to change at any time, without notice.  Stated lead time at time of proposal may change by the 
time an order is placed and order is released for production.  All orders are scheduled after drawing approval, at current 
lead time. 
 
* Local municipalities, townships, and villages establish and interpret building codes independently. Therefore, Porta-
King cannot guarantee that this structure will meet all local codes. It is purchaser's responsibility to ensure code 
compliance. 
   
This Porta-King product will be custom-manufactured to your specification and cannot be returned for refund or credit. 
Estimated Prepay and Add (PPA) freight for all buildings as described above to Tonopah, NV 
The structure priced above will be manufactured per Porta-King standard specifications as outlined in our general 
brochure, or, on our web site at www.portaking.com .  Unless otherwise noted, the prices quoted do not include off 
loading, building installation, electrical hook-up, climate control installation, permits, engineering calculations, or 
architectural-type drawings.  Our standard shop drawings can be provided upon request after receipt of a purchase 
order.  The securing of building permits and compliance with appropriate building codes is not the responsibility of 
Porta-King, but is the responsibility of the purchaser of the building. 
Structural calculations (if included) to be generated, signed and sealed by registered professional engineer in the state in 
which the project is located.  These documents shall be provided in PDF electronic format digitally signed and sealed by 
the qualified professional engineer responsible for their preparation.  Structural calculations will be generated in 
accordance with the appropriate design loads per the project location.  Any changes to the calculations or additional 
information that is requested by other parties; above and beyond what is provided, will be subject to additional charges. 
 
Materials delivered to the states of CA, FL, GA, IL, KS, KY, MD, MI, MN, MO, OK, NJ, OH, SC, SD, or VA will be charged the 
appropriate state sales tax.  If sales tax has been included with this estimate, it will not be charged provided a current 
sales tax exemption certificate is provided at the time you place your order.  Please note the tax exemption certificate 
must be for the state to which materials will be shipped. 
If this quotation is accepted, our payment terms are Net 30 days but some projects may require a deposit.  Please 
contact your Porta-King sales rep about deposits prior to ordering.  Retention is not accepted.  Products not shipped at 
time of completion will be billed at 75% of the total order amount with payment due upon receipt of invoice.  Products 
held beyond 30 days are subject to additional storage fees.  Your acceptance of any products supplied by Porta-King 
Building Systems shall, without limitation, constitute acceptance of these terms and conditions. 
 
Visa, Mastercard and Discover Card payments are accepted but are subject to a 3% processing fee. 
Installation Suggestions: 
 
1. Pour a concrete island minimum 4” deep.  The island should be a minimum of 12” wider than the roofline 
dimensions to allow a 6” concrete border on each side of the building roofline.  Level the pad and install a bollard at 
each corner of the building to further protect the building from damage caused by traffic. 
2. Provide three-wire 240v/110v single-phase service to the concrete island.  Refer to PKBS detail drawings, which 
illustrate the proper “stub-up” location. 
3. Buildings arrive via flatbed truck.  The trucker must contact you 24-hours prior to deliver to arrange for off-loading.  
Use either a forklift truck (with fork-extensions when required) or overhead crane to off-load the building from the 
flatbed.  If an overhead crane is used, be sure to use “spreader bars” to prevent the building fascia/roof from being 
damaged by the sling/straps.  Square the building on the pad and anchor. 
4. Recommended concrete anchor is ½” x 4” galvanized or stainless steel, or comply with local codes – whichever is 
most stringent. 
5. Make final electrical connections and clean the work area. 
6. If downspouts are included with your building, they must be installed by others on site. 
 
NOTE:  Unless otherwise noted, all preparatory and installation work 
shall be performed by others.  It is NOT the responsibility of Porta-King to verify 


===== PAGE 5 =====
that these “suggestions” comply with local or state codes, rather, it is the 
responsibility of the purchaser of the building. 
 
 
  Best regards, 
Porta-King Building Systems
Your Local Regional Sales Manager
Colton Carstens
Inside Sales 
800-456-5464 
ccarstens@portaking.com 
 
BENJAMIN ADAMS
badams@portaking.com 
 
