ATTACHMENT A
SCOPE OF WORK

Project Name: Name of Project
CORE Project No: XX-XX-XXX

Supplier:
Company Name
AddressCity, ST, Zip
Phone: 000-000-0000
Contact Person: Name
Email:

LUMP SUM PRICE FOR MATERIAL, TAX, AND FREIGHT (FOB JOBSITE)     $000,000.00
        No Bond Included

Supplier agrees to furnish all necessary materials to complete the following in accordance with the Contract Documents.

Supplier has also accounted for, as part of this lump sum Agreement, any and all potential material cost increases over the course of the project, unless otherwise noted in the Scope of Work.

SCOPE OF WORK:

Supplier shall provide the Scope of Work generally described as:

Stainless Steel Screen System and Shoe Benches

Supplier shall provide a complete Scope of Work in accordance with Contract Documents to include, but not be limited to:
Fabricate and deliver a complete Stainless Steel Screen Panel system including all associated materials per plans and specifications.
Text
Text
Panel System must be foldable and easily installable per plans and Reviewed Shop Drawings.
Text
Text
Finished panel system shall be securely fastened together and hinged, with flush bolt drops to form a semi-rigid frame and aligned to form true straight lines. Text
Text
Text
Provide additional floor mounted flush strikes for flush bolt acceptance, installed by others.
Materials to be selected by review of shop drawings by the Architect.

Supplier has accounted for, as part of this lump sum Agreement, the fact that the Contract Documents may not contain all required details, parts, or pieces necessary to provide a complete and functioning system.  Therefore, it is Supplier’s responsibility to make reasonably inferable assumptions and allowances, as part of its lump sum proposal, to help account for the design intent and ensure that all elements associated with the Scope of Work comply with all governing codes and regulations.

SCOPE OPTIONS:

Contractor may exercise the option to add, via Change Order, a complete turnkey Scope of Work for Stainless Steel Screen Panel system for Building B809 for a total amount of $2,200.00.

CONSTRUCTION DOCUMENTS:

Supplier shall adhere to all Project specifications within the Project Manual and all Project drawings as referenced in the Attachment C – Enumeration of Documents section of this Agreement, specifically referencing the following:

Provide all material, equipment, and services required to deliver and furnish all items included in the division(s) of the Project Manual listed below, as related to Supplier’s Scope of Work:
Division 00 – Bidding and Contract Requirements
Division 01 – General Requirements

Provide all material, equipment, and services required to deliver and furnish all items included in the section(s) of the Project Manual listed below, as related to Supplier’s Scope of Work:
Stainless Steel Screen System
Shoe Benches

All construction documents referenced in the Attachment C – Enumeration of Documents portion of this Agreement can be downloaded from the following location:

Procore – Project # and Name
Invite to be sent to Project team
Password: Supplier generated

Contractor will be using Procore web-based software on this Project.  To obtain access, Supplier must go to the Procore Software site (www.procore.com) and create a login.  Supplier shall create a Username and Password then send a corresponding email address to Contractor’s Project Manager; Contractor’s Project Manager will then email Supplier with an invitation to the Project in Procore.  Supplier may request additional instructions on how to create a login and Contractor’s Construction Technology department will provide assistance.

Supplier shall adhere to all miscellaneous Project modifications, specifically referencing the following directives:

RFI # - Provide all material, equipment, and services as required to deliver and furnish all items included in directive, as they relate to the Scope of Work.

ASI # - Provide all material, equipment, and services as required to deliver and furnish all items included in directive, as they relate to the Scope of Work.

PR # - Provide all material, equipment, and services as required to deliver and furnish all items included in directive, as they relate to the Scope of Work.

PROJECT SPECIFIC PROVISIONS:

Each Supplier is solely responsible for the coordination, accuracy, and completeness of each submittal provided by your company, as it relates to the intent of the plans and specifications.  Each shop drawing and/or product data sheet, etc. shall be stamped by you to indicate your review and approval.  Any deviation from the Contract Documents shall be clearly identified and appropriate material substitution request forms completed.  Suppliers that are required to submit 3-D model need to submit their shop drawings in both 2-D and 3-D format.  All suppliers are encouraged to submit all documents electronically to conserve resources and expediting of architect/consultant’s review(s).

Supplier shall receive, offload, handle, hoist and provide storage of all products and related materials that are delivered to the jobsite.

Supplier pricing is based on tariff and/or duties rates in effect as of the date of this Agreement.  If a net increase in tariffs and/or duties causes a net cost increase on materials, equipment, or products directly required to perform the Supplier’s Scope of Work, the Supplier shall be entitled to a reasonable adjustment to the Agreement Price to the extent the Prime Contract entitles Contractor to compensation for such increase and then only to the extent of any amount that Contractor may, on behalf of Supplier, recover from Owner.  To the extent applicable, any provisions regarding tariff changes in the Prime Contract shall flow down to this Agreement. Supplier must supply reasonable documentation of proof of tariff and/or duties increase and cost impact between the date of this Agreement and the date of said cost increase, based on an industry approved index associated with that of the affected material. Supplier must provide written notice of the cost impact and supporting documentation to Contractor within 7 calendar days of becoming aware.

EXCLUSIONS:

The following items are specifically excluded from the Supplier’s Scope of Work:

Building permits
Bonds
Retention
Installation
Sales taxes
???



Page  PAGE 4 of  NUMPAGES  4



Page  PAGE  \* Arabic  \* MERGEFORMAT 1 of  NUMPAGES  \* Arabic  \* MERGEFORMAT 4




0-23812500