
===== PAGE 1 =====
 
 
Page 1 of 2 
ATTACHMENT B 
GENERAL PROVISIONS  
 
Project Name: Project Name 
CORE Project No: XX-XX-XXX 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
                        
 
 
 
 
    
GENERAL PROVISIONS: 
 
1. 
Subcontractor shall provide off-site storage space, parking, jobsite transportation, etc., unless otherwise agreed to by 
Contractor.  
 
2. 
Subcontractor shall remove, (e.g., haul-off, relocate on-site, etc.), all trenching spoils associated with Subcontractor’s 
Scope of Work, as directed by Contractor.  
 
3. 
Subcontractor shall be responsible for the security of all its materials and equipment stored on-site. Contractor 
assumes no risk for lost or stolen materials or equipment.  
 
4. 
Subcontractor acknowledges and shall be compliant with the City of Las Vegas Business License requirements 
which can be located at the following site __________. 
 
5. 
Due to the sensitive nature of working in an area adjacent to students, all subcontractors shall complete their due 
diligence to ensure that their complete work force, sub tier, material deliveries, and temporary labor services is in 
compliance with district rules and regulations and all state and local statutes as relevant to working adjacent to 
children. 
 
6. 
Subcontractor agrees that all work is to take place on an occupied campus. As such, all work related activities 
must occur in a manner that will not interfere with the ongoing operation of the school. Any unavoidable work-
related activity that will impact the operation of the school must be coordinated and approved by Contractor. 
 
7. 
Subcontractors shall be in compliance with the labor standard provisions of NRS 338.020 and NAC 338.094 
regarding Prevailing Wage Rates and Certified Payroll. Payroll shall be computed at wage rates not less than the 
aggregate of the hourly rates and rates of payments of contributions, or costs for any fringe benefits contained 
in the wage determination decision of the Nevada State Labor Commissioner. Access to the most current 
Prevailing wage rates can be obtained at https://labor.nv.gov.  The wage determination decision shall be posted 
at the site of Work in a prominent place where it can easily be seen by the workers. 
 
PWP # is CL-2011-330 and the 2011 – 2012 Clark County Prevailing Wage Rates apply to this Project. Each 
Subcontractor and lower-tier subcontractor shall be required to submit certified payrolls and other labor 
compliance documentation electronically. The website address to submit this data electronically is 
https://prod.lcptracker.net/. Each Subcontractor and lower-tier subcontractor shall utilize the LCPtracker System 
for reporting certified payroll.  Each Subcontractor and lower-tier subcontractor will be given a log on 
identification and password to access the reporting system.  Use of the LCPtracker system may entail additional 
data entry of weekly payroll including, but not limited to, employee identification, labor classification, total hours 
worked, and hours worked on the Project, wage and benefit rates paid.  Each Subcontractor and its lower-tier 
subcontractor shall complete a Daily Sign-In Sheet and shall submit it to Contractor’s on-site Superintendent at 
the end of each work day.  
 
8. 
Subcontractor shall be in compliance with all applicable Buy-American provisions associated with Build America 
Bonds. 


===== PAGE 2 =====
 
 
 
Page 2 of 2 
Item #9 is NOT APPLICABLE for interior remodel ONLY type projects: 
9. 
Subcontractor shall meet current FAA requirements for the type of flight, purpose of the flight, flight operation 
requirements, and flight conditions associated with unmanned aerial systems (UAS) commonly known as drones. 
Subcontractor shall submit proof of UAS insurance, registration of UAS with the FAA, and UAS operator’s Remote 
Pilot Certificate to Contractor for approval prior to authorization of any UAS use. Contactor’s on-site supervision 
shall be notified of the intended purpose, location, and duration of all UAS activity within 90 minutes prior to the 
flight. Subcontractor’s remote pilot will be required to leave their name and phone number with Contractor for 
each UAS flight. Owner requirements for UAS use may supersede FAA and Contractor requirements which will 
require Subcontractor to follow the most stringent requirements in place. 
 
10. This Project incorporates the requirements of Chapter 338, Nevada Revised Statute (NRS). The Subcontractor, Supplier 
or Consultant, must submit a signed affidavit which certifies that, for the duration of the Project; 
 
a) At least 50 percent of all their workers, including, without limitation any of its sub-subcontractors, materialmen 
and/or suppliers engaged on the Project, will hold a valid driver’s license or identification card issued by the 
Department of Motor Vehicles; 
b) All vehicles used primarily for the Project will be: 
1. 
Registered and partially apportioned to Nevada pursuant to the International Registration Plans, as 
adopted by the Department of Motor Vehicles pursuant to NRS 706.826; or 
2. 
Registered in this State; 
c) At least 25 percent of the suppliers of the materials used for the Project will be located in this State; and 
d) Will maintain and make available for inspection within this State his or her records concerning payroll relating 
to this Project. 
 
The Affidavit of Compliance has been provided as Attachment G to the Subcontract. The affidavit is to be executed, 
notarized, and submitted with the signed copy of this Subcontract. 
 
Failure to comply with any of the requirements of NRS 338 is a material breach of the contract and entitles the 
public body to liquidated damages. 
 
On a separate form please provide the workers name, state in which the driver’s license or ID was issued and the 
actual ID number. This must be provided on a monthly basis. Contractor has attached an Employee Identification 
Log that you may use for this information. This form is available in a Word format; please call our Office at 702-794-
0550. 
 
11. 
Subcontractor acknowledges the use of the Textura Payment System for all billing and payment processes in 
accordance with information to be provided by Contractor. Subcontractor is responsible for all fees associated 
with billing and payment applications submitted through the Textura Payment System. Training sessions will be 
made available upon the written request from Subcontractor. 
 
